Does  Medicare  Pick  Up  Co  Pays?
Sadly no. Medicare does cover a lot of the medical and hospital expenses incurred by a hospital stay. But it does not cover the co-pays required by Medicare. Medicare will cover 80% leaving the insured to cover the other 20% along with a payment due as a copayment. These payments must be made by the insured or by an insurance policy.

Where  Can  I  Buy  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
You can buy Long Term Care Insurance through brokers or agents who advertise in the Yellow Pages or on the internet. Many Life Insurance agents also sell Long Term Care Insurance because many Life Insurance companies also offer Long Term Care policies. The agent must have special training as required by their state in order to sell Partnership Long Term Care Insurance.

How  To  Go  About  Getting  Renters  Insurance?
Call a Local Agent. If you already have Auto Insurance or another line with a company, you will probably get a discount for "bundling" your coverages together. Otherwise, there are a few questions to answer about your stuff and the building and you should be able to get covered right away!

Who  Would  Need  The  Greatest  Amount  Of  Life  Insurance?
The amount of life insurance needed is really only limited by the income and assets being protected, insurability and the capacity to pay premiums. The maximum coverage most insurers will consider for someone under age 45 will be 25 times earned income. The earned income multiples grade down as you age. At older ages, net worth plays a bigger role in establishing maximum coverage. As for who would "need" the most, consider that ultra high net worth individuals will continue to buy life insurance for estate planning purposes as their wealth grows to deal with estate liquidity issues. At some point, insurer retention limits and reinsurance capacity limits are reached such that the theoretical limit of US life insurance coverage on an eligible life is about $250 million.

How  Does  Medicare  And  Tricare  Work  Together?
If you are currently on Tricare you will be required to enroll in Medicare parts A & B when you reach age 65. In most cases this happens automatically. The part B has a charge. When you have a claim the claim is processed first by Medicare. They pay the benefit on their schedule. The balance of the bill is then sent to Tricare. Tricare then pays what they will pay subject to any applicable deductibles and co-payments. The balance is then due and payable by you. In practice most physicians and hospitals get complete information about how the bill will be handled before they treat you. If you are responsible for any part of the bill, they will demand payment, frequently, before treatment starts.

What  Is  The  Purpose  Of  Medigap  Insurance?
The purpose is to provide financial coverage for the "gaps" in original Medicare Parts A and B. Original Medicare is very good health insurance, however does not pay for all beneficiary health care costs. For example, Medicare Part A (Hospitalization) requires beneficiary payment of a $1,260 deductible in 2015. The Part B (Doctors costs) has a $147 annual deductible, plus requires the beneficiary to pay 20% coinsurance of the Medicare approved amount for the bills. There are other exposure items as well, but it is easy to see that a given health situation could potentially lead to some significant bills for the beneficiary even though they have insurance. Medigap Insurance is designed to pay these bills in exchange for the payment of a monthly premium, thus trading an uncertain potential financial exposure for a certain monthly payment. It's a good idea to find a licensed insurance agent who is experienced in Medicare plans to assess your needs and objectives and offer optimal solutions to limit your financial exposure.

How  Much  Does  Medicare  Pay  For  A  Ct  Scan?
Diagnostic testing is covered under Part B. You will pay 20% of the Medicare approved amount. So if the procedure costs $1000, Medicare approves $500 you would pay $100. Some states will allow an additional 15% of what is called excess charges. If you live in Ohio, you do not have to worry about that, however if you live in Florida you would have to pay. The doctor cannot balance bill you more that the 15% of the Medicare approved amount.

Does  Louisiana  Tax  Life  Insurance  Benefits?
In a very general sense, Louisiana does not tax life insurance benefits if left to a beneficiary who is not the estate. If the beneficiary is the estate, or life insurance proceeds end up in the estate because there was no living beneficiary listed on the policy, then the money will go through probate and subject to taxes and fees.

What  Is  Modifier  GW  For  Medicare?
That is a tough question, I am not totally familiar with medicare billing codes. However according to my research, the GW modifier is used when a provider of medical services performs services that are not related to a hospice diagnosis. Certain Medicare beneficiaries can choose hospice benefits instead of Medicare benefits for treatment and management of their terminal condition. reference: WEBSITELINK

Is  Universal  Life  Insurance  A  Good  Idea?
Universal life, like any financial product should be proved suitable for the potential client. There are several reasons why universal life (UL) insurance could be right for you. To make sure, you need to create a financial profile that establishes your risk tolerance and confirms your economic goals. Universal life insurance has four policy types: guaranteed UL for indemnification and three current assumption ULs for income based on crediting options like interest rates, indices and separate subaccount using equities and bonds investments.

What  Happens  When  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Runs  Out?
If somone has a traditional Long Term Care insurance policy that runs out of years of coverage, or runs out of money to to cover their LTC needs, they would need to begin paying for their long term care from their private funds. If that runs low, they would do a Medicaid spend down so that Medicaid will pay for their LTC needs. With a Partnership Long Term Care policy, assets (but not income) are protected from the Medicaid spend down. The amount of assets that are protected depend upon the variables and features of the Partnership LTC policy.

What  Is  A  State  Health  Insurance  Exchange?
A health insurance exchange is a government-run marketplace where people can buy health insurance plans. You have plans choices available that are on the exchanges and off the exchanges. The key difference is the subsidies. You can only get a subsidy if youre buying your coverage on an exchange they cannot be used towards plans purchased off the exchange. An advantage of buying a plan off the exchange is you will generally have more choices available for you to choose from. The same plan that is offered on the exchange and off the exchange may have some differences as well. Plans that are on the exchange may have more regulations, therefore requiring they feature additional benefits directly through the plan as opposed to needing a separate stand alone policy to provide the supplemental benefit (e.g. vision care, dental care, etc.) off the exchange plans may not be subject to the same standards. Off the exchange plans must still meet the requirements of the Affordable Care Act (including offering the 10 essential health benefits). Its important to remember than not every plan that is offered off the exchanges will be available on the exchanges. Carriers reserve the right not to offer coverage on the exchanges. Thus, some states may have numerous plan selections for consumers where others may have limited choices. Also, not every type of health insurance plan is available on the exchanges short term policies and large group policies are not offered on exchanges at this time. There's a lot of moving parts to health insurance and given the issues that have occurred with the new healthcare system rollout, it's highly recommended you work with an experienced health insurance broker to make sure everything is in good order for your program. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help or if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Does  My  Employer  Have  To  Give  Me  Health  Insurance?
Your employer does not have to give you health insurance (depending on size etc...) In fact, you will see many small (and perhaps larger) businesses in 2014 opt out of providing health insurance to employees. They will take the penalty and use the savings to be more competitive in their markets. Employees can be helped by experienced brokers since we can shop for them and find the best options.

How  Long  Will  My  Life  Insurance  Proceeds  Last?
You life insurance proceeds will last according to the type of policy you got. If a Term policy, the policy will specify a certain number of years, such as 10 or 20. When the end of the term comes up, the policy will end or jump up in price to an incredibly high price. If death occurs during the term, the policy proceeds will be paid. If death does not occur during the term, no proceeds are paid. If Whole Life that you have not borrowed against and have made payments according to schedule, the policy will pay out when you die or when it matures (usually at age 100), whatever comes first. If Universal Life, the proceeds will last for as long as the policy was set up to last, and according to how it is performing. UL usually has a guaranteed no lapse period of a set number of years, as long as premiums are made. If the interest rate goes up, it can last longer.

Does  Whole  Life  Insurance  Mature?
A whole life policy accumulates cash value in order to maintain a face amount at a level premium. There is a point in the design of every whole life policy where the cash value equals the face amount. At that point the policy endows or matures. With increasing longevity companies are leaning to every later dates for maturity.

What  Exactly  Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover?
Renters insurance covers three primary areas. First is Personal Property coverage. This portion of the policy covers all of your personal belongings from the peril of loss, theft or damage anywhere in the world. The loss does not have to occur at the location named in the policy for the loss to be covered. Second is Personal Liability coverage. This portion of the policy covers the insured in the event they are found personally liable for damage or injury to another person or their property. Again, this coverage applies wherever the insured is, it does not have to occur at the property address listed on the policy document. Finally, the policy covers for Loss of Use. With this portion of the policy, the insured is covered in the event they are required to temporarily vacate their residence. This coverage pays the increase in monthly living expense over what they typically pay each month for rent, up to the policy limits. In addition, riders can be attached to the policy to cover higher value items, collectibles, firearms, jewelry, artwork and etc.

What  Is  The  Face  Value  Of  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
The face value of a life insurance policy is what the policy would pay in the event of the insured person's death. In Term insurance, the face value is the amount that was put into effect when the policy was purchased. If Whole Life or Universal Life, it is the amount of the death benefit that was taken out minus any loans and interest charges, or minus any partial surrenders. You should order a current illustration to determine the exact face value of a permanent policy.

What  Is  Short  Term  Disability  Insurance  For?
Short Term Disability is used to replace approx 40-70% of your salary if disabled for a "short" period of time. Most short term disabilities last from 3-6 months, although the cap can be as high as two years. The coverage may kick in as soon as the disability is determined, or there may be a waiting period. If purchasing your own policy, the higher the premium you pay, the shorter the waiting period. Some of the uses for short term disability are partial income replacement in case of pregnancy, muscle strains, broken bones, pneumonia, heart attack, or chemotherapy treatments.

How  To  Calculate  How  Much  Life  Insurance  I  Need?
The proceeds of a life insurance policy paid to your beneficiary should cover D - debt(credit cards, loans, etc.) and death(usually 10k-12k for final expense), I - income replacing (replacing the spouse's monthly income for at least 10yrs), M - mortgage(paying off the mortgage balance), and E - education for the kids(funding a 4-yr college). This formula, the DIME method, will accurately measure the amount of insurance and person needs to carry.

Does  Life  Insurance  Test  For  Alcohol?
Long term alcohol usage can cause cirrhosis of the liver, which will also cause liver function test elevations. This would most likely have a significant impact on your premium at best and would cause you to be declined for life insurance at worst. The casual use of alcohol can also have a direct impact on your life insurance in several ways. Alcohol consumption in the hours prior to a blood test will often cause some liver enzyme elevations. These small elevations could make the difference between rating categories causing you to pay a higher premium than you would have otherwise. In some cases it is also possible that a small elevation could cause you to be declined for life insurance. Consider a person who had a DUI conviction twenty years ago. On it's own, this might not have any impact on a current life insurance application. Likewise slight liver function test elevations may not be a major concern to the underwriter. However, in combination this may lead to the impression that there is a long term alcohol problem. This is one of the reasons that we always recommend that applicants abstain from alcohol consumption for at least 24 hours prior to their exam.

Does  An  Auto  Lease  Include  Insurance?
Yes in fact most dealers will not lease you a vehicle unless you carry full coverage insurance with specified limits. Generally those limits are at least $300,000 in liability and $1000 or less deductible on your collision coverage. When you lease a vehicle the dealer technically still owns the car and he is going to make sure he is protected.

What  Types  Of  Medicare  Plans  Are  There?
When you qualify for Medicare there are two basic choices, you can keep original Medicare and purchase a Medicare Supplement and Prescription drug plan or you can enroll in a Medicare Advantage Plan. Medicare Supplements have a variety of coverage options. Medicare Advantage Plans basically take the place of original Medicare in that administration is taken over by the insurance company. You have HMO's. These plans have a network that you MUST use. PPO's or Preferred Provider Organizations, you can use any provider but the copay's are less if you stay in network. You also have a few Private Fee For Service plans still out there. These are less popular because even though you can go to any doctor, that doctor can refuse coverage on a visit by visit basis. These are the most common plans available. A good agent specializing in the needs of seniors can go into more detail on how they work and the options available.

How  To  Know  If  Someone  Has  Life  Insurance  On  Me?
If a family member has coverage on you, they would be the ones to ask. Their ability to purchase coverage on you would depend on insurable interest. Insurable interest would apply to your parents, grandparents and some extended family members. Regarding employers, at one time they could insure employees without their knowledge. In fact a very large retailer did this at one time with the thought of profitability from the death of employees as the main consideration. Needless to say, once discovered the laws changed and secret insurance was no longer legal to carry upon an employee. So outside of family, there is no one who legally can own life insurance on you without your consent.

Does  Medicare  Pay  For  Skilled  Nursing?
Medicare will pay for a limited time of skilled nursing care if it is medically qualified. I.e. You must be hospitalized for at least 3 consecutive days for the same condition that causes you to need skilled nursing care, and the hospitalization must be within 30 days of your being admitted into the nursing home. Also, your doctor must stipulate that you need skilled nursing care.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Pool  Damage?
Damage to a pool is covered as long as it is not an excluded loss such as "wear and tear", "ground movement" or a maintenance issue. Most home insurance policies cover all losses except what is excluded in the policy and a pool would be covered the same as your house.

How  Much  Does  Weight  Affect  Life  Insurance?
Being overweight affects life insurance differently, depending on what type of policy you are getting. If you are getting a No Exam policy that gives you a set rate just for qualifying, then your weight will not make a difference, just as long as you do not weigh over the maximum amount. Some policies have no weight limit at all. If you are applying for a policy that does require medical underwriting, fluctuations of just a few pounds can cause your rate to go up. If you start out just slightly overweight, this increase may not make a lot of difference, or you may even find one company that will rate you much lower than the rest. But if you are quite overweight, the price increase can be large, or you can even be declined. Weight is one of those areas where it really helps to shop around. Not only do different companies have different weight charts, but sometimes going with a No Exam policy can beat the price of one requiring an exam, when the applicant is overweight or obese. Using an agency that specializes in overweight life insurance can certainly help save time, money and frustration.

Where  To  Shop  For  Homeowners  Insurance?
I agree with my colleague. Start by talking to your Insurance Professional. If you don't have one, referrals from your REALTOR or Attorney would be a great start. Certainly most major companies have an on line portal where you can go to begin to explore options, but it is always best to talk to a licensed professional about your specific needs. They can make the proper recommendations and answer any of your questions to make the purchase of your new Homeowners policy a smooth and easy transaction. Be sure to find out about any and all discounts that may be available.

Where  Can  I  Buy  Annuities?
You can buy annuities from Life insurance agents who sell them. If the annuity you are seeking to purchase is a variable annuity, you will need to do business with an agent who has securities licenses that allow him/her to sell them. Non-variable (fixed or indexed) annuities do not require a securities license to sell them, just a Life insurance license.

How  Much  Does  A  Pool  Add  To  Home  Insurance?
The primary concern of adding a pool is the liability exposure. If someone not in your household is hurt using the pool, you may be held responsible and/or sued. If a judgement is brought against you, it could mean 100's of thousands in settlements. If you live in a typical neighborhood AND your yard/pool is fenced and secured, most insurance companies will charge little or no additional dollars for the exposure of the pool. If the yard/pool is not fenced, most companies will either require a signed exclusion of coverage for injury arising out of the use of the pool or deny you coverage altogether. There are exceptions to the fencing requirement if the home is in a rural area with no close neighbors.

What  Is  10  Year  Term  Life  Insurance?
10 year term life insurance is life insurance that will stay the same price for 10 years. When the 10 year term ends, the price will jump up drastically, or else the policy will end. Most people end up shopping for a new policy when the 10 years are up.

Does  Medicare  Pay  For  Ambulance  Service?
Under Part B of Medicare ambulance services are covered. Medicare will cover 80% of your ambulance ride if it is a medical emergency and every second counts getting you to a hospital for treatment. There are some non-emergency reasons that Medicare will cover an ambulance ride. If Medicare disagrees with your decision to use an ambulance you will be responsible for 100% of the charges. In other words do not use an ambulance as an alternate method of transportation if it is not a medical emergency.

What  Do  Life  Insurance  Agents  Get  Paid?
Life insurance agents work on commissions meaning they are only paid when they finalize the sale of a policy (including the carrier receiving any necessary outstanding requirements to place the coverage in force). The commission is generally a percentage of the first year annual premium that an insured is charged. Some agent contracts may offer residual commissions for certain types of policies. Hope that helps.

What  Is  Guaranteed  Life  Insurance?
Guaranteed Life Insurance can refer to Guaranteed Issue Life Insurance. In that case, it is a policy that has no health questions and cannot be declined for health reasons. Guaranteed Issue Life Insurance does have age limits. Guaranteed Life Insurance can also refer to a policy with premiums that are guaranteed not to go up, and face amount that is guaranteed not to go down, for the duration stated in the policy.

Is  Life  Insurance  Ever  Tax  Deductible?
Life insurance in general is not tax deductible. However, in several instances it can be. The two most important taxes to considering a deduction is income tax & estate tax. Under income tax, life insurance is deductible inside a qualified retirement plan, like a pension or profit sharing. There are some other instances that it may be deductible for a company. In regards, to the estate tax, life insurance is not really deductible, but it can be taxed heavily if not set up correctly. The ownership of the life insurance policy determines if it is included in the estate & taxed or excluded from the estate and not taxed! In all cases, base to seek competent advisors.

Can  I  Be  Denied  Health  Insurance  For  HPV?
Great question! Like it or hate it, the Affordable Care Act ("Obamacare") has done you a great blessing - coverage cannot be denied to you due to your previous health condition. You also will find that lifetime caps on coverage for you have disappeared also. I'd suggest that you try the exchanges first, and see if you qualify for a subsidy to help drop your insurance cost - another nice perk. Hope that helps! If you need more information, please feel free to contact me, I'm glad to help.Thanks for asking!

Does  Russia  Have  Health  Insurance?
The constitution of the Russian Federation deems all citizens have the right to free healthcare. This was done as a part of the Mandatory Medical Insurance reform in 1996. Since that time, the collapse of the Soviet Union has left the system under funded. As a result, the health of the Russian population has declined considerably.

Can  A  Tummy  Tuck  Be  Covered  By  Health  Insurance?
A tummy tuck (I always thought they could come up with a better description) is typically not covered if it is for cosmetic reasons. And usually, they are. However, if it is related to a medical condition and must be performed to prevent additional health issues, it could easily be covered. It's best to check with your broker.

How  Much  Does  Renters  Insurance  Normally  Cost?
Renters insurance insurance like all other insurance is priced based on the insured individual or entity base on their wants, needs and other factors. Insurance is not a product that you buy off the shelf like milk or bread. The rate that one individual pays for renters insurance coverage will more than likely be different from one of their friends purchasing the same coverage. Contact a local agent to discuss your insurance wants and needs so that they can provide you with pricing.

Can  You  Combine  Annuities?
The answer is yes. Combining two annuities into one can be done through an IRS Section 1035. This is a simple process, the agent will simply fill out two 1035 transfer forms and submit it with the new application. This is all assuming your annuities are Non-qualified dollars. If you have qualified monies, you can still transfer two annuities into one. Instead of using a sec. 1035 transfer, the agent would simple use a transfer form specifying as a direct transfer.

How  To  Value  Your  Home  For  Insurance  Purposes?
Normally this is done by a software that insurance carriers use. It requires the input of several pieces of information about the property to be covered and provides the carrier with an estimated cost of reconstruction that is typically used for the coverage amount on the homeowners policy. Valuations can differ depending on the valuation software that the carrier uses.

What  Year  Will  Medicare  Run  Out?
Great question! I just listened to a lecture the other day given by an economics Professor Michael Granof at the University of Texas (Americans living rich retiring poor ) who stated that without a change in funding, Medicare goes under in 2023. Social security goes belly up about 10 years later. The Generation x folks and the tail end baby boomers will be the first generation to pay into Social Security more than they will take out. I cannot emphasize enough the importance of saving early, having long term care and life insurances, and having a good financial plan. If you have questions about your retirement plan, please feel free to contact me, I'm happy to help. Thanks for asking!

Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Rodent  Damage?
Homeowners Insurance may cover rodent damage; however, you must review the exclusions on your policy and if not sure, you may ask your insurance carrier to explain the coverage as it applies to your specific situation. In general,homeowners insurance covers incidents that are sudden and accidental and are not excluded from the policy form.

What  Type  Of  Retirement  Plan  Is  PERS?
A PERS (Public Employees' Retirement System) plan is a defined benefit plan (DBP) specific to eligible state agencies, higher education and government employees.Typically there areseveral plans offered and have definitive enrollment periods. Contact your plan administrator for the options available specific to your job function and location. Sheryl Brown / @AshBrokerage

Is  Homeowners  Insurance  The  Same  As  Hazard  Insurance?
Interesting question...Seems easy to answer by saying that both terms are generally used interchangeably with regard to insurance. This is true. We often see 'homeowners insurance', 'home insurance' and 'hazard insurance' intended to mean the same thing: the insurance coverages in standard homeowner policies issued in the U.S. Since there are some perils that are excluded in homeowner polices, some carriers refer to their coverage forms for these (like flood) as 'hazard insurance' policies. But, generally speaking 'homeowner insurance', 'home insurance' and 'hazard insurance' are terms that are commonly used interchangeably.

Are  Life  Insurance  Proceeds  Protected  From  Creditors  In  New  York?
Life insurance proceeds are usually protected from creditors in New York if the beneficiary of the policy is a person or other entity besides the estate. If the beneficiary is the estate, then the life insurance proceeds are subject to probate and creditors will try to get the debt repaid at that time. However, creditors cannot go after life insurance left to a beneficiary unless that beneficiary also shared in the debt.

What  Are  The  Steps  In  The  Medicare  Reimbursement  Cycle?
When you visit a medical provider, and you are covered by Medicare, your provider is obligated to file your claim with Medicare. Medicare receives the claim electronically, adjudicates the claim, and if approved will pay their portion. If you have a Medigap plan, Medicare transmits the approved claim information to your gap carrier for them to pay their portion. Most claims are processed and paid within 3 weeks.

Should  I  Get  Insurance  When  I  Rent  A  Car?
I would recommend it as while your auto insurance may cover some of the damage to the rental car, it typically will not cover all of it. And then there is the loss of use issue for the rental company and the income lost by the rental company while the vehicle is being repaired. The insurance that the rental company offers will normally provide coverage for the things that your auto coverage would not. Every policy is different so please read your policy completely to know what is covered and what is excluded or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Who  is  responsible  for  implementing  my  investment  strategy?  Insurer?  Me?
You may have already gotten this resolved but since I have not seen anyone respond to this I thought I would put in my 2 cents worth. Everything you mention makes sense to me. When the company switched the accounts to the guaranteed fund the only way to switch it back would be to notify the company, usually with a company allocation form identifying the new allocations. What troubles me is that from what you are saying, there is no notification of the process. My best guess is there is something in the small print you have which talks about the process but without seeing any of this I cannot directly help (there are no attachments on this venue). I would recommend finding a broker and see if they know what the process is specifically with the company the policy is with.

What  Is  The  Average  Cost  Of  Life  Insurance  Per  Month?
It depends on how good your health history and current medical condition is as well as your gender, age and smoking status. Most term life insurance is offered in increments of 5, 10, 15, 20 and 30 years with a guaranteed level premium. Other considerations are motor vehicle violations, hazardous job or recreation. All these items can contribute to the premium. A nonsmoking super preferred male or female age 25 will pay less than $100 a year for $100,000 of ten year term life insurance.

Does  Texas  Require  You  To  Carry  Auto  Insurance?
Yes, Insurance is mandated by the state of Texas. And there are consequences for not carrying insurance such as surcharges that have to be paid for 3 years per violation. Some cities have passed ordinances where they can tow your vehicle if you do not have auto insurance.

Who  Buys  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
The people who buy long term care insurance are those who have assets to protect and/or those who want to have a say in where they will spend their final days of life. Without long term care insurance, assets must be spent down in order to pay for the care. When those funds are gone, Medicaid pays, and the care must be received where Medicaid is accepted. Most long term care insurance now pays the insured person so that they can spend the funds in the location of their choice.

What  Is  A  Matured  Life  Insurance  Policy?
A life insurance policy matures when it pays out a death benefit on policies that have no stated maturity date. Otherwise, the policy will indicate a maturity date which, on many whole life policies, may be age 95, 98, 100, 120, etc. The issue with a policy that matures while the insured is still alive is that the maturity benefit will be taxable as the cash is constructively received at that point. Many policies in recent years have maturity extension riders or policy provisions which can extend maturity to prevent such an unwelcome situation so check your policy. Death benefits are normally received income tax-free but a living maturity is income taxable to the extent of gain in the contract to the policy-owner. If maturity is approaching and such riders are not present, insurers have been known to agree, upon request, to continue the policy extra-contractually. Contact an experienced life insurance professional for assistance.

When  Does  My  Car  Insurance  Go  Down?
Potentially it may never go down. Most insurance carriers will keep accidents and ticket on your rating record for three to five years. Your age will also affect your raate. Each carrier will set it's own determination as to what age groups receive which rates. Many other factors can also affect your rates, i.e. geographic location, type of vehicle and many other factors.

What  Is  The  Average  Cost  Of  Medicare  Part  C?
Medicare part "C" is an insurance product designed to help with the 20% cost, the member is responsible for with traditional Medicare. It is administered by private insurance companies, & premiums can be as little as zero dollars per month. If Medicare Advantage is not purchased members should purchase a Medi-Gap or Medicare supplement insurance to cover the 20% risk exposure. A members heart attack cost $440,000.00 the members co insurance was $88,000.00, with a Medicare Advantage there is a maximum annual out of pocket usually around $3,000.00.

What  Questions  To  Ask  When  Getting  Renters  Insurance?
When getting renter's insurance some of the issues that are important are whether you can qualify for a policy and what rate you will pay. The benefits are important since there will be differences in coverage amounts from one contract to another. You should also determine the amount of property you have that should be listed on the policy.

Does  USAA  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Lightning  Damage?
Lightning damage is covered under the standard renters policy, referred to as the HO-4. If you have that policy, there is coverage for a loss caused by the peril of lightning. In the renters policy, the coverage is for damage to the policyholder's personal property, subject to payment limitations on certain personal property such as furs and jewelry, as stated in the HO-4. To increase coverage amounts that are limited on the stated items, additional amounts of insurance can be purchased, typically in the form of scheduled items.

Why  Bother  With  Life  Insurance?
Everyone will always have a need for some amount of life insurance for some length of time. There really isn't any type of person that doesn't need life insurance. Many people never think about all the uses for it or the needs that should actually have covered that aren't. Commonly, you'll likely have a mortgage for a house, loans for cars, credit card debt, medical bills, burial expenses, etc., that you would like to have paid off in the event of your death so your family doesn't suffer financially due to the lost income. Another common use is income replacement (this is a common one that most people don't think about) so your family can maintain their current lifestyle rather than having to make dramatic changes.Many people may buy a life insurance policy for estate planning purposes so they can transfer assets at the lowest possible cost.In short, regardless of where you are in life, you will always have a need for some form of coverage. I hope the input helps - please feel free to contact me with any other questions. Thanks very much.

Do  I  Need  Gap  Insurance  On  A  Used  Car?
"GAP" Insurance is an answer to the problem of rapid depreciation of the value of a vehicle and usually is more promounced in new cars as opposed to older ones. It is also more likely to be an issue when a car is leased as opposed to financed or purchased outright. Thus, for many years now, auto dealers have been including this in their lease agreements . More recently auto insurance companies have begun offering this coverage as an option in their policies for leased vehicles. Talk to your Insurance Professional if you are shopping for a lease. You may find that adding the option on your auto policy is much less costly than having it included over the term of your lease agreement.

Can  I  Buy  A  Car  Without  Insurance?
Depending in the state you live in and also if your are financing the car. If you have a loan on the car the financial institution will require insurance before you even leave the car lot. If you are buying from a private party they may not require this but in most states you can not even get your license plates with out insurance.

How  Is  Medigap  Funded?
Medigap (Medicare supplement insurance plans) is a private insurance plan often purchased by individuals who are Medicare beneficiaries. Medicare Part A and Part B has deductibles, coinsurance and copay's that become the responsibility of the Medicare beneficiary after Medicare has paid their portion. A good Medigap plan will protect the beneficiary from exposure to thousands of dollars in out of pocket liability for the approved but unpaid Medicare portion. Medigap is funded with premiums paid by the policyholder. #GeorgiaMedigapPlanRates #GeorgiaMedicarePlans #GaMedigapQuotes

How  Soon  Can  I  Use  My  Health  Insurance?
The two factors that will determine it are the effective date of the policy and when the initial premium payment is received by the carrier to place the coverage in force. Once these two pieces are completed, the policy will be providing coverage. Feel free to send me a private message if you have any questions pertaining to your own personal program.

How  To  Compare  Health  Insurance  Plans?
That is an excellent question! With any insurance plan, the idea is to compare the important things - coverage, cost, availability of services, and your deductible and out of pocket expenses. You want to look for a plan that offers the most services (what will they allow for payment as far as treatments, services, etc.) for the least amount of money (your monthly premium cost), with the lowest amount that you have to pay before they do (your co-pays and deductibles), in the widest network of providers (People who can do these treatments or services and accept this insurance). The Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) Government exchange site, www.healthcare.gov provides you with the opportunity to compare plans, as well as determine whether you'd qualify for discounts, without obligating you to any purchase. It's a great way to get an idea of what is being offered in your area. If you choose to look for a local insurer for the coverage, it gives you a good frame of reference to work from. I hope that you find what you are looking for, thank you for asking!

Does  Disability  Insurance  Cover  Maternity?
Short Term Disability Insurance can cover maternity if you purchase it before you are pregnant. Contact a broker that sells Short Term Disability products to find out the features of the policy and how to qualify for it, as each policy is different and there are different payment options for different birth situations.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Lost  Cell  Phones?
Homeowners insurance does not cover lost anything. There could be coverage under theft or mysterious disappearance. If this were a covered loss you would be subject to your deductible of which the most common deductible is 1000.00. You would have to read your policy to see what your actual deductible is. Also don't be surprised if you get a surcharge for the claim on your renewal.

Does  Life  Insurance  Test  For  STDs?
No, life insurance does not test for STD's, but the insurance application may ask whether you have an STD at the time you fill out the application. Life insurance does test for HIV antibodies, blood counts that may indicate infection, and other labs for conditions that may or may not have been sexually transmitted. But there are not tests done specifically for STD detection.

Do  You  Need  Homeowners  Insurance  Before  Closing?
In California transfer of property is handled by a title company. They receive a list of requirement from the lender. In most cases the lender requires hazard insurance that will protect the lenders interest in the property from loss due to a specified peril. In most cases a homeowner policy is the policy that most adequately fits that requirement. There are other forms of home insurance and some of those might meet the lenders requirement. It is the responsibility of the title company to make sure that there is current insurance on the dwelling prior to closing and transferring the property.

How  Much  Is  The  Tax  Penalty  For  No  Health  Insurance?
Beginning in 2014, under the new affordable care act, everyone will have to have health insurance or pay a penalty (also known as an "individual shared responsibility payment"). If you choose to pay the penalty instead of securing coverage, you will still be responsible for 100% of your medical care. The penalty is calculated in one of two ways (you pay whichever is the higher amount). In 2014, the penalties will be calculated as: 1) 1% of your yearly household income featuring a maximum penalty as the national average yearly premium for a bronze plan. 2) $95 per person for the year (If under age 18, then $47.50) featuring a maximum penalty per family of $285 under this method. The penalty calculations will change each year. In 2015, method one increases to 2% of your yearly household income and method two increases to $325 per person. In 2016, it will increase again to 2.5% for method one and $695 per person for method two. The penalty methods will be adjusted for inflation in later years.

Can  You  Lie  About  Smoking  For  Health  Insurance?
Well, of course you can, you can lie about virtually anything. The question should be is it ethical to lie about smoking for health insurance? I suspect that in your heart you know the answer to that question is "No." I presume you are asking this question in regard to the smoker's penalty that can be applied to individual health insurance rates and that some employer's utilize. At this time individual health plans are not requiring a screening test to determine if someone is a tobacco user and are relying on the honor system for applicants to self-report their usage. There are some employers that take a more strict approach to this matter and may screen you if they require a pre-employment physical. To be clear, if you are a tobacco user and you apply for health insurance asserting that you are not then you are engaging in fraud. Technically this could result in policy termination but my current understanding is that if the fraud is uncovered then the individual policyholder will be back billed at the tobacco user rate and expected to pay all the extra premium due. However, just because the Affordable Care Act allows for a tobacco use premium penalty does not mean that the health insurance carriers are compelled to apply it. So, you have some carriers that for administrative purposes at this time who aren't bothering with applying the tobacco use penalty and others who are. I would inquire with your insurance broker or the insurance carriers you are considering as to what their current rating approach is to tobacco use. In the employer setting the penalties could be more severe depending upon what their personnel policies are. Honesty is the best policy.

Is  Homeowners  Insurance  Higher  With  A  Pool?
Companies have differing eligibility guidelines when it comes to pools. Most will notadd a surchargeto the liability premium for the pool (though some do) as long as the pool meets the company'seligibility guidelines.A fence surrounding the pool that includes a self-latching gate is a must for basically all companies. Even with that, some carriers will still only write the pool if it does not have a diving board or slide. Some carriers are OK with the diving board but not the slide, and vice versa. Some have a height limitforthe board and/or slide. All this to say, it is to your advantage to have several different carriers quote the homeowners insurance once the pool is added. Your current carrier may no longer be the best option.

Why  Would  Someone  Need  Life  Insurance?
Once upon a time there was a very rich man. He owned a number of businesses which he had started himself and which he had built himself. Altogether, he employed close to 20,000 people. That means he created opportunities for 20,000 people to support their families and lead their own lives. He understood that he could never have built his business empire without the dedication, hard work, and loyalty of each and every one of those men and women. He took good care of them. He paid them well. Lots of bonuses, lots of benefits. He was very community-minded. He knew that no man, and no family, was an island unto itself. We need each other. We need each other in times of natural disasters, and human tragedy, and family distress. When people lose their job, or get sick, or maybe lose their home, they need a helping hand. He always made sure his hand was ready to give. He took it upon himself to help many, many people. He gave generously to community service organizations. He made sure that families who were suffering had the means to weather the storm and remain together. When people in need came to him, he helped them get back on to their own two feet. He was an extremely dedicated family man. He loved his wife dearly. He was always there for his children. Everything he did was really for them. He wanted them to have the best of everything. He especially wanted his son and daughter to have a great jump-start in life. His entire estate the houses, the businesses, the valuables - was going to go to them when he passed away. One day he had a lunch meeting with his friend who was an estate planning attorney. His friend made the following observation: You know, you are quite a person. You have done such a tremendous job building a life for yourself. All the people you employ, all the people you help. How fortunate your family is to have you as a provider. But heres the problem: God forbid you die tomorrow, this entire wonderful world you have built collapses. Without you and your broad shoulders, the entire enterprise stops in its tracks. You can imagine that our friend the Rich Man didnt like hearing that at all. He had indeed put so much of himself into what he held to be precious. It would almost be an act of betrayal for them to lose it all when he died. I mean, shouldnt he make provisions for their care after his death? Why shouldnt the show go on? So many people have become dependent on him. So, he bought a bunch of life insurance. Life insurance to make sure his family wouldnt have to sell half his assets just to pay the governments estate tax bill. They wouldnt have to sell the residences or family jewels. The heirlooms could stay in the family. He bought life insurance to enable his businesses to keep running. People would be able to keep their jobs. Vendors would get paid. Clients would receive service. The management team would have enough money to keep going and growing. He bought life insurance to fill the coffers of charities doing noble work in his community. Hungry people could get fed. Homeless people could get shelter. Unemployed people get retrained for new jobs. Life insurance made it possible for the great work this man had been doing to continue. And because life insurance is such a great deal financially, the cost of this planning was literally pennies on the dollar. Each dollar of life insurance benefit literally cost him a few cents. Of course, it was this financial wisdom and eagerness to take advantage of a great deal that made him rich in the first place :) Would you like to keep learning? Read my blog: planrisklive.com

Does  A  Whole  Life  Insurance  Policy  Have  A  Cash  Value?
Absolutely. Wait a year or two and it will accumulate value. That is a major reason folks go with whole life. Another variation is a permanent equity indexed universal life policy. They accumulate value, usually at a much higher rate, and with the right one, they never go down, since they have a guarantee of zero loss each year. Only a few firms offer these. You should talk with your agent. Thank you. GARY LANE.

Can  You  Use  Life  Insurance  To  Pay  For  College?
College is very expensive ( I have 2 children in college now and 3 more entering in 2 years) and for a family trying to determine the best way to deal with this is a challenge. Insurance that accumulates cash value can indeed help defray some costs but you would need to have started while your children were very young and even then you probably would only have funds to help, not pay for it all. I would suggest you talk to your Insurance Agent and see what other options may be available to you to help with those costs.

What  Is  Covered  Under  Renters  Insurance?
A renters policy covers your personal property located in the rented residence. This includes your furniture, clothing, appliances and gadgets. The renters policy also protects your legal liability for personal injury or property damage. There are other coverages included but these are the two major coverages.

Does  Part  A  Medicare  Cover  Outpatient  Surgery?
Medicare Part A is for inpatient surgery as well as other claims incurred while an inpatient in a hospital. Part A coverage includes room and board, medications dispensed and administered while an inpatient, lab and most other charges incurred as an inpatient. Medicare Part B covers outpatient surgery in a clinic or doctors office.

How  Long  Does  A  Health  Insurance  Claim  Take?
Turn around from visit to payment is usually around 30 days or less. For most insurance carriers, their goal is payment within five days of receipt. Receipt is the big deal as some medical offices hold claims and submit in batches through the month. I have had experience with medical offices sending late notices or threats of collection without ever mailing the claim to be processed. For a claim to be paid, it first has to be submitted.

Who  Uses  Universal  Life  Insurance?
Universal life insurance is a flexible product that allows the policy owner to modify death benefit and premiums during the life of the policy. It has two sets of rates: current company practice and contractual guarantees. If can be utilized as a traditional coverage or protection product as well as a supplemental retirement income strategy. Those who purchase universal life buy it for the flexibility the product offers.

Can  Someone  With  Lupus  Get  Life  Insurance?
Yes, someone with lupus can get life insurance. While the most common, Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE) is generally considered the most serious type of lupus. Mild systemic lupus that has been effectively controlled or in remission for several years can be rated Standard by some carriers. If there have been recent flare ups, the policy could be table rated or you may have to use a No Exam option. But there are options available. Other types of lupus than SLE will not have a significant impact on life insurance rates.

When  Is  Medicare  Primary  To  Group  Insurance?
Generally, Medicare is primary to group insurance when the company has under 20 employees, and is secondary to group insurance when there are over 20 employees. There are many other factors to consider, such as the person's age and how they qualified for Medicare. To see when Medicare is primary, this website is helpful: WEBSITELINK . You may call 1-800-MEDICARE for individual situations.

How  Much  Is  Home  Insurance  On  A  Condo?
Condo insurance is an individualized product, which means that the rates will vary from insured to insured based on the many factors that go into determining the rate. Some of the factors that the rate is based on are: the reconstruction valuation of the premise, the geographic location of the premise, the coverages desired, and many more. Contact a local agent to discuss the coverage available and pricing.

Does  Life  Insurance  Count  As  Taxable  Income?
As a general rule death benefit proceeds generally pass to their designated beneficiarys tax free. There are some business scenarios where death benefit proceeds are subject to the alternative minimum tax as a preference time and could be included as revenue at ordinary income tax rates. There may be estate taxation on the federal and/or state level. As an income item, if the life insurance policy is a modified endowment contract, loans are taxable. If the life insurance is a non-modified endowment contract and the policy lapses, is surrendered or the policy reaches its maturity dateall policy loans, (those received and internal) are ordinary income tax events is the year they occur.

Why  Is  It  Good  To  Invest  In  Retirement  Annuities?
That is a great question! There are good things and bad things about any retirement product. Annuities are certainly a great retirement vehicle, but you want to be sure that it is the right one for you. The positives for annuities are that they can generate a good sum of money safely for you, that the payments to you can be structured so that you cannot outlive them, ( a huge plus, to know that you will have an income stream that lasts as long as you need it), and that many companies will add a bonus to your annuity that further increases your yield. The negatives are that they typically require a lump sum payment to begin them, that the deposit cannot be touched (with some exceptions, but really shouldn't be touched) for several years without large fees and consequences, and that if you aren't careful, the annuities yield may not be enough to outpace inflation, resulting in ultimately a poor investment vehicle. My personal advice to my clients is always that this product needs to be a good match for you to consider it. Cash flow cannot be an issue for you, and that we need to look carefully at which annuity is best for you. The right annuity is a great investment, and the peace of mind that comes with knowing you won't run out of money is priceless. I hope that helps, please feel free to drop me a line if you'd like more personalized information, okay? Thanks for asking!

How  Much  Is  Renters  Insurance  For  A  One  Bedroom  Apartment?
Renters Insurance unlike Homeowners is not giving you coverage on the structure, rather the contents. Therefore, the amount of rooms doesn't matter. Now if you are doing a calculation of personal property, it will most likely calculate a lower dollar amount than a two bedroom, because it is assumed there is stuff in each room.

Can  I  Get  Veterans  Life  Insurance?
The requirements for receiving VGLI (Veterans Group Life Insurance recently changed). For those retiring from the service before Nov 1, 2012, you must apply within 1 year and 120 days from the date you separated from the service. At this point in time, you will need to answer some health questions to be eligible to get the policy. You also need to have been on SGLI while you served, in order to qualify for VGLI. If you retired after Nov 1, 2012. you have 240 days to apply for VGLI without answering health questions. If you miss that deadline, you can get VGLI with evidence of good health if you apply within 1 year and 120 days from the date you separated from the service. Again, you must be on SGLI at the time you left the service, in order to qualify for VGLI. Others who can get VGLI are the Individual Ready Reserve or Inactive National Guard. If you do not fit any of these categories, or do not wish to go that route, veterans can get an individual policy from private companies. Some of the health conditions that, unfortunately, can hit veterans disproportionately high are hepatitis, PTSD, diabetes, and others. Going to a company that specializes in any health conditions you might have will be a big help.

Can  You  Get  Car  Insurance  With  No  License?
Great question on this topic. if you live in the USA its hard to be issued an insurance policy if you do not have a valid driver license. So you can not legally drive if you do not have a driver license so no need to buy auto insurance if you are not authorize to drive.

When  Are  Annuity  Payments  Taxable?
Non-qualified tax deferred annuities accumulate tax deferred and upon distributions are taxed as ordinary income at the effective tax bracket rate of the annuity policy owner. Basis is distributed tax free. Qualified annuity distributions are taxed as ordinary income at the effective tax bracket rate of the annuity policy owner. There is no basis.

When  To  Stop  Paying  Disability  Insurance?
Your can stop paying for disability insurance when you retire. Protecting your paycheck is vital and part of defensive financial planning. generally most disability insurance polices end at age 65. If you want to continue to work full time, there are a handful of companies that offer disability insurance post age 65.

Where  Do  I  Buy  Car  Insurance?
If you are not familiar with insurance terms you should NOT purchase from online only as you may purchase coverage that you thought you have and then don't Your BEST choice is to talk to your friends and family and see who they use for an agent. a Good agent will take the time to sit down and explain your coverage and what everything means. In many cases and agent will work harder for you then just a 800 number or an online policy. Contact a local agent. Also you can call your state insurance commissioners office and they can also direct you to agencies in your area.

Why  Is  State  Farm  Life  Insurance  So  Expensive?
Every carrier has their own rates - these are based off a long calculation of actuarial values and mortality tables. Some carriers are more aggressive than others and are willing to take on more risk (in underwriting as well - the evaluation of the risk class they assign to the insured). More aggressive carriers will offer lower rates. More conservative carriers feature higher rates. So it's hard to say one carrier is just very expensive. They may be cheaper for individuals in great health and more expensive for those with complex medical histories and vice versa. The age of the insured has a lot to do with this process as well - they could be a better carrier for younger individuals and more expensive for older ones and vice versa again. This is why it's important to look at multiple carriers for your life insurance benefits and compare premium quotes and other factors.

Can  A  Cpa  Sell  Life  Insurance?
Anyone who meets their state's requirements to hold a life insurance license and gets appointed with at least one life insurer can sell life insurance. The question becomes: Can one have a practice in accounting while selling life insurance? In many states, the answer is yes. Some states do not permit accounting or legal professionals to be active while also selling life insurance. You can be a CPA, not be active in accounting and sell life insurance.

What  Is  Social  Security  Disability  Insurance?
Social Security Disability Insurance is a payroll tax social program. It falls under the pervue of Social Security Administration. It provides income to people who cant work because of a disability. Social Security Disability can be temporary or permanent benefit. Social Security Disability does not depend on the income of the disabled individual receiving it.

When  Are  Variable  Annuities  A  Good  Idea?
Products, in and of themselves, dont present a good value or a bad value. Product suitability for each client is important. You need to establish a personal financial profile that includes a risk tolerance assessment, your financial goals and a life expectancy review. A non-qualified variable annuity is a security and an insurance product that accumulates tax deferred with a guaranteed interest rate account and separate sub accounts with using equities and bonds. Variable annuities are generally expensive, so the value proposition has been called into question by many advisers. The inventory of variable annuities is significant and you may want to review the Morning Star reports on any variable annuity you may be considering. Variable annuities can lose money, so make sure your risk tolerance fits the product.

What  Is  Not  Covered  By  Medigap?
It all depends on which plan you choose. The government dictates which plans can be offered and these plans don't vary by insurance company. So once you pick a plan the benefits from that plan are predetermined. Medigap plans are not meant to cover extended continuous health care needs (those that last over a year). They also are not intended to cover the items you find covered under a long term care policy.

Is  Medicare  Popular?
That is a great question! If you are someone who will struggle with being able to afford quality healthcare when you turn 65, then yes, it is very popular. If you are someone who believes that each person should be financially secure enough to be able to pay for themselves, and that "I shouldn't have to help pay for anyone else's care", then it probably isn't. The sad fact is that according to the 2012 census data nearly 55% of all Senior Citizens live in poverty, and without Medicare/Medicaid, we would have an awful lot less Senior Citizens. It is available to all Americans once they reach the age of 65, and that makes it very popular. Thanks for asking!

Can  Cancer  Survivors  Get  Life  Insurance?
Getting life insurance for a cancer survivor is a case by case situation. If the cancer is stage 0 or 1, only requiring surgery, and of a type that is unlikely to recur, life insurance might be issued as short as a year after its occurrence. For cancers of blood or internal organs with higher stages and/or lengthy treatment plans, it may take years to qualify for a medically underwritten policy. If the applicant meets the age guidelines, guaranteed issue life insurance is available in most states, regardless of the type and stage and date of diagnosis of the cancer.

What  Is  A  Good  Price  For  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Long term insurance companies use a variety of information to determine the cost of Long Term Care Insurance. Age will be the biggest factor. Therefore trying to give you a good premuim scenario is impossible. Your best bet is to contact three major carriers in your area and have them run a price quote within your budget range. Base the premium on what your budget will comfortably allow.

What's  Long  Term  Disability  Insurance?
Long term disability insurance is a form of paycheck insurance that allows you to pay your bills when you are totally and permanently disabled. Each plan is different but most require you to be disabled for at least 90 days, some longer. Benefits can be payable for 2 years or life.

Can  I  Refuse  Medicare  A?
Yes, you can refuse Medicare A. But there are no premiums for Medicare Part A. S o unless you do not want to burden the government with paying a great portion of your hospitalization services, there are not a lot of reasons to opt out of Medicare Part A. You will be automatically enrolled in Medicare A when you turn 65, so will just need to fill out a form to state the reason why you are refusing it.

Why  Do  We  Have  Medicare?
We have Medicare because President Johnson wanted a legacy similar to FDR. Prior to Medicare health insurance for those 65 and older was difficult to find and was pricey. Only a handful of companies wrote health insurance on seniors. Medicare made "universal" health care possible for those 65 and older. Premiums are heavily subsidized by active workers.

Does  Getting  Car  Insurance  Quotes  Lower  Credit  Score?
It will show on your credit report that there was insurance inquiries but it should not affect your credit score. Credit scores and insurance scoring are two separate things. Even though Insurance rates are based off of your credit history which they use that as a rating factor based on your payment history among other things. The credit scoring is not affected by the insurance company reviewing your credit.

Can  I  Get  Medicare  And  Not  Social  Security?
You can get Medicare when you turn 65 and not receive a Social Security benefit check. Medicare Part A is free but the standard premium for Medicare Part B for 2016 is $121.80. If you are not receiving a Social Security check you will have to pay the Part B premium on a quarterly basis and mail it to Social Security. Once you start receiving a Social Security check the Part B premium will be automatically deducted from your check.

Why  Is  Car  Insurance  So  Expensive  For  New  Drivers?
Car insurance rates are greatly determined by the age of drivers and the experience that these drivers have. Obviously, if you are a new driver, you will pay higher rates than more experienced drivers. Getting good grades will help your rate if you are a student, and maintain a B average.

What  Is  The  Best  Whole  Life  Insurance  Policy?
What is the best Whole Life Policy? While there is no direct answer to this, the best answer is whatever policy will best protect your family. There are different types of whole life policies. The most common is ordinary whole life, also called "straight Life" or "Permanent" (cash value) Insurance. You pay a level premium for the rest of your life, as long as you are making your monthly premiums. The premium never increases and your policy accumulates cash value. How much life insurance ( death benefit ) will you need? That determines on a number of factors such as: Do you have any children/grandchildren you want to leave money to? How much of your income does your spouse depend on? Who depends on you financially? How much debt do you owe? Do you want to leave money to your favorite charity? You want to make sure you buy enough life insurance to cover your financial obligations if an unexpected or untimely death occurs. It is also important your premium fit's within your budget. Because if you can't afford it, it isn't any good for you or your family. An insurance agent is the best person to get with to compare the different types of life insurance and find a policy that best suits your situation. I work with many top insurance carriers with the most competitive rates. I'll do the shopping for you! Thank you & Be Well, Mendy Douglas www.iflretirement.com/mendy-douglas/

Why  Is  Having  Auto  Insurance  So  Important?
As the result of a recent accident where a driver hit a pedestrian in the cross walk, a settlement of approximately $750,000 was reached. If you can afford to pay that sort of claim from your existing assets and can do so without any damage to your economic condition, then you dont need any insurance above what is mandated by state law. If not, consider the highest limits that your company will provide.

Is  A  Loan  From  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  Taxable?
Is a loan from a life insurance policy taxable? No, loans do not create a taxable income situation which is why they are used by those who own cash value policies. A policy loan is a great tool to have at your disposal. Usually in a few days money can be wired into your account, which is great when you need money fast. You don't have to ask permission, state your case as worthy for the need, you just call or email and it's done.

When  Do  I  Need  Disability  Insurance?
Disability insurance is part of defensive planning and should be considered as soon as you enter the work force. Most American workers have 90 days in cash reserve and could not maintain their lifestyle without income. Disability insurance is paycheck protection during times of protracted sickness and/or injury and can generate tax free benefits when you need it most.

Who  Can  Be  The  Owner  Of  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
The most common owner of a life insurance policy is the person whose life is being insured. However, another person who has an insurable interest in the life of the Insured can be an owner of the policy. Also, a trust can own the policy. Whoever owns the policy has the right to change beneficiaries or make changes to the policy.

Can  I  Get  Car  Insurance  Without  Owning  A  Car?
Talk to your Insurance Professional about your particular situation. It may be possible to obtain want is referred to as a "named non-owner" policy. These typoes of policies would provide Liability coverage for you in the event that you are driving a car you don't own and cause an accident. These policies, however, do not typically provide any physical damage coverage (Comprehensive or Collision) for the car you are driving.

Why  Is  Medicare  An  Entitlement?
Medicare is not an entitlement. You, or your working spouse, paid into Medicare for most of your working lifetime. As long as you (or your spouse) had at least 40 quarters of Social Security creditable wages you are entitled to Medicare benefits. It is possible to qualify with fewer than 40 hours. You earned your right to Medicare. Don't let anyone diminish that.

Why  Would  My  Homeowners  Insurance  Go  Up?
Homeowners policies with replacement cost coverage generally have a clause that adjusts the amount of coverage each year to keep pace with increased cost of construction. That typically accounts for about a 3% annual increase in the homeowners premium. The effects of a claim can be quite noticeable. Beside the claim, the homeowner might be losing a claims free discount. Finally, companies do adjust their rates. Although they do operate on a very slim margin, the company may file to make sure that they remain viable in a particular state.

How  To  File  A  Disability  Insurance  Claim?
To file a disability claim, of course you must be disabled, or believe that you are disabled. You should immediately call your broker or agent to provide details and submit a claim. You can also contact the insurer directly. A claims approver or claims specialist/underwriter will review the specifics of the claim and notify you of their decision.

Can  Illegal  Immigrants  Collect  Medicare?
The medicare.gov website states the following: "Generally, you are eligible for Medicare if you or your spouse worked for at least 10 years in Medicare-covered employment and you are 65 years or older and a citizen or permanent resident of the United States." However, millions of dollars have been paid out to illegal immigrants in Medicare benefits. On the other hand, millions of dollars have been paid in to Medicare by illegal immigrants who will be unable to collect Medicare benefits when they turn 65.

What  Does  Life  Insurance  Cash  Value  Mean?
Whole life insurance policies also known as permanent insurance along with some other types of products such as universal life insurance build up a cash value after the insurance has been in force over an extended period of time. The cost per $1,000 of coverage is more expensive than term insurance and part of the premium is credited to the insureds cash value account. Keith Prim Dallas, TX 214-435-0791

How  Much  Should  I  Estimate  For  Homeowners  Insurance?
If you are purchasing a home, your realtor should be able to give you a rough estimate of the cost of a homeowners policy. The premium for a homeowners policy varies widely because each home is unique as is each home owner. Your trusted insurance agent can compute a quote in less than an hour. If you dont have a trusted insurance agent get recommendations from your friends, neighbors and colleagues. Make sure that the agent listens to you, offers sound advice and delivers on promises.

How  To  Cash  Out  A  Term  Life  Insurance?
Actually, if you dont make a premium payment, you have effectively cashed out your term insurance policy. The policy will allow you to make payments though the term of the policy but if you chose to stop making payments, the company will terminate coverage as soon as the grace period passes.

What  Is  The  Oldest  Life  Insurance  Company  In  America?
Theres some debate here, but the historical records seem to agree on Presbyterian Life, a fund for ministers, was the first stock company. The first mutual company in the U.S. is the venerable New England, now part of the mighty Metropolitan. Many companies formed around religious groups or trade consortiums.

What  Is  The  Best  Kind  Of  Life  Insurance  To  Buy?
The best kind of life insurance is the one financially suitable for you. Life insurance is designed to indemnify your beneficiaries from financial liability whether temporary or permanent. Term life insurance indemnifies temporary liabilities, permanent life insurance indemnifies permanent liabilities. Term life insurance generally covers fixed periods of 5, 10, 15, 20 and 30 years. Permanent life insurance for indemnification offers participating whole life and guaranteed universal life. Life insurance for supplemental retirement income can use universal life insurance: current assumption, indexed and variable (using separate sub accounts and has market risk.) Determining your risk tolerance and product suitability is critical in forming a financial profile.

When  Is  The  Right  Time  To  Buy  Life  Insurance?
Honestly the best time to buy life insurance is when you are young and in good health. Your rates will never be cheaper and the potential benefits to you better. If you can afford a permanent plan, do it. Plans like these build cash value that is free from any taxation so long as they stay in the policy. If that is not possible financially, then look into a long term term plan with a conversion option. The conversion option allows you to switch all or a portion of the coverage into a permanent plan without having to go through any exam or underwriting. In both cases, another benefit is that you protect your insurability. We are not young forever and likewise some of us are not healthy forever either. Health issues later in life can prevent you from buying the insurance you may need or make it too costly.

How  Much  Does  Life  Insurance  Cost  In  Arkansas?
The cost of life insurance in Arkansas varies greatly according to the insured person's age, tobacco use, health conditions, build, and other risk factors. The type of policy purchased also makes a big impact on premiums. The cost of a 10 year Term policy can be as low as 1/10 of what a Whole Life policy costs. However, the premium goes up every 10 years, whereas the cost for Whole Life stays the same for the rest of your life. You can visit or call a website that offers life insurance in Arkansas to find the cost of life insurance for you, or visit a local agency. They will help you find the policy at the lowest cost and with the features you desire.

How  Much  Does  Business  Auto  Insurance  Cost?
Business auto insurance is based on a number of various factors - type of vehicle, GCVW (Gross combined vehicle weight), radius of operations, and how the vehicle is used. There can also be some State and/or Federal filings that need to be made which can increase the cost of your insurance policy. Check with your LOCAL INDEPENDENT insurance agent in your area for additional info.

What  Does  Assigning  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  Mean?
The assignment of all or some a life insurance policy is often done as collateral security. The policy owner has the right to do this. There are many scenarios and planning techniques in which assignments are made. It occurs in split dollar arrangements and in situations involving indebtedness. To the extent that some amount of the death benefit was assigned to a third party, that party would receive that amount as a death benefit if death occurs during the existence of the agreement. Normally the assignment would be revocable meaning the policy owner can cancel the agreement at some point. But some estate planning methods involve irrevocable assignments. Policy assignments are also part of the process when a policy owner exchanges one life insurance policy with another. In order to ensure there is no gap in coverage during the process, an absolute assignment of the existing policy to the insurer that will issue the new policy is made. Completion of an exchange agreement with the insurer that will issue the new policy follows and then the new policy is issued before the old policy is surrendered.

Who  Offers  Annuities?
There are many financial institutions and insurance companies that offer this sort of product. If you have a local agent for you home and auto coverage, call them. Your local agent may handle annuities currently and they will be able show you the pros and cons of what he would have available and if he/she does not handle these they may be able to refer you to someone that does.

When  Is  An  Audit  Required  For  A  Retirement  Plan?
ERISA qualified plans are generally audited annually to ensure compliance against discrimination (being top heavy). This test makes sure that the plan is not over favoring the companies highest paid employees. If discrimination is discovered, that funds are returned to highly compensated employees to being the plan back to compliance.

How  Does  Permanent  Life  Insurance  Work?
The permanent policy is designed to last a lifetime. Whole life policies not only last a lifetime but they are sustained by a level premium. Other permanent plans can have a flexible premium but they do not usually guarantee to last a lifetime. Actuaries compute what amount of money will need to be collected each year to pay deaths claims within the insured group in each year in the future. To maintain a level premium they will charge more in the early years than the cost of the pure insurance. This money, and the interest earned on the money combine to form the cash value of the whole life insurance policy. The cash value offsets the face amount of the policy reducing the need for pure insurance. At the time of death the beneficiary receives the face amount.

How  Does  A  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Work?
Long term care insurance will pay you a monthly income (a previously specified amount) if you you need assistance with the basic activities of daily living. Of course there are many different degrees although not being able to dress, bathe, eat or walk probably means you need long term care. A full-time broker or financial planner can provide the best expert advice along with the best rates available from top-rated carriers.

Does  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Your  Rental?
Your car insurance will cover a rental car if you carry full coverage on your policy. If you have an accident in a rental car you will still be subject to your comprehensive and collision deductibles. Some companies will not cover commercial trucks (example: Uhaul truck) or vans so check with your agent just to be sure.

Can  You  Go  To  Jail  For  Not  Having  Car  Insurance?
It depends upon the state. I can only speak to Michigan laws, and the answer is maybe. In Michigan, if you are driving without proof of no-fault insurance, then you can receive a ticket in the amount of $200 to $500 and up to 3 points on your license. The reason I say this might lead to jail time is if you have prior points on your license due to not having no fault insurance. Getting pulled over and cited again for the same violation could land you in court and earn you some jail time depending upon the judge's ruling. I know that is wishy-washy but there is no direct jail time associated with no insurance in Michigan. In summary, talk to a lawyer about it.

What  Is  The  Best  And  Cheapest  Medicare  Supplement  Insurance?
The best and cheapest Medicare supplemental insurance plan in your state is probably the one with the lowest premium Paying more does not get you a better plan, so more often than not the cheapest plan is the best plan. Seniors that use tobacco will pay 20% more than those who do not use tobacco.. The most expensive Medicare supplement insurance plan is F. It is also the most popular) You can sometimes find instant Medicare supplement insurance quotes but keep in mind the lowest rates are usually not illustrated online. #GeorgiaMedicarePlans

When  Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  After  Cancer?
Depending on the type and stage of the cancer, and the date and type of the treatment, a cancer survivor can usually get life insurance two years after the last treatment was completed. If the cancer was very mild, and the treatment was complete surgical removal or other effective method, the time could be shorter.

Why  Is  Vacant  Home  Insurance  So  Expensive?
The reason that the home is more is because the house has no one or anything in it and that puts it at a higher risk for vandals and damages to go undetected till it is to late. with the home vacant the would no one there to notice a fire if it started. Or pipes froze and burst no one would be able to detect damage

Does  Car  Insurance  Improve  Credit?
Insurance carriers to the best of my knowledge and based on my experience do not report any payment history information to credit agencies. Making your payments as scheduled will more than likely not provide for any improvement to your credit score but not paying your premiums on time (if you have not cancelled coverage with that carrier)could potentially have your account turned over to a collection agency which could affect your credit score.

Can  I  Claim  Ultrasound  On  Medicare?
If the ultrasound was done for a medically necessary reason, an ultrasound can be claimed on your Medicare coverage. If the ultrasound was done for pregnancy (the pregnant woman would most likely be disabled if receiving Medicare at an age at which she can carry a baby), Medicare will cover ultrasounds again, as medically necessaary.

Does  Johns  Hopkins  Take  Medicare?
According to John Hopkins' website on 5-24-2013, they are particpating for Medicare at John Hopkins University, The John Hopkins Hospital, and John Hopkins Bayview Medical Center. However, these institutions do not contract with Medicare Advantage Plans. To get more information, visit their website and contact John Hopkins at the contact information provided there. WEBSITELINK

Does  Health  Insurance  End  After  Divorce?
Yes or No, depending on a few things like size of the employer size. If below 20 employees (at work on a daily basis) it will depend on if the plan offers it and could vary by state to state. It would be important to read your plan booklet to find if provisions are made for such a thing. With groups of 20 or more, COBRA law can extend coverage (at your expense) for up to 36 months.

How  Lucrative  Is  Selling  Life  Insurance?
Simply put, life insurance sales profits are directly linked to the amount of efficient work that you put in (Working smart, not hard). There are many successful agents that have made millions of dollars of commissions annually. Further, there is a value in job as you can essentially set your own hours however, you will normally be tied to the hours that your client wants to be engaged. After the banking collapse of 2008, insurance agent was the number one recession job.

What  Is  Car  Insurance  Legal  Assistance?
First, I am not exactly sure what you mean by legal assistance, so I am going to answer the question I think you are asking. When you get car insurance you get coverage for injuring third parties, which is typically called bodily/physical injury coverage. Many times, this coverage includes defense costs in the event you get sued for injuring a third party. The limits of your legal defense costs can go one of two ways: either the defense limits are included within your limits or there is a separate limit for defense costs. There are advantages and disadvantages to either method. If the legal defense costs are included in your limits you will have defense costs until the insurance company pays out the limits of your insurance. If you have a separate limit then your legal defense ends when the attorneys fees use up that allocated amount. Either way you don't have unlimited defense, but if it is a serious bodily injury you will lose the "free" attorney much quicker. I hope this helps!

What  Is  The  Age  You  Can  Get  Medicare?
This is a great question. You can get medicare at age 65 years old, most people will receive their cards 3 months before their 65th birthday others will have to apply with social security. However, people of any age can get Medicare if they have certain disabilities.

Is  Homeowners  Insurance  Based  On  Property  Value?
The dwelling amount in a Homeowners Insurance policy is based upon the calculated cost to reconstruct your home in the event it is distroyed or severely damaged. Your Insurance Professional can complete a quality inspection and calculate the proper amout for your home based upon the use of a qualified Home Reconstruction tool usually provided by your insuring company.

How  Much  Home  Insurance  Do  We  Need?
It varies by state. In California you are only required to carry the amount of coverage needed to rebuild your dwelling (home) not what a lender requires. In California home values are often much higher then the actual construction costs of a home so meeting a lender requirement can mean over insurance you home in many cases. Of course this depends on the market you are living in.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  After  Heart  Surgery?
Life insurance is generally available to most people. Preconditions, including heart problems, don't necessarily preclude someone from being insurable. First, you must understand that the issuance of life insurance is primarily dependent upon one's medical condition. So although you may be limited by the amount of coverage you can obtain you should still be eligible as long as your condition is being treated and you haven't been told by your physician that "death is imminent within the next 12 months". Second, you have to seek out insurers, like myself, who are more flexible with their insurance offerings. For instance, insurer's such as myself can often issue a policy without a medical exam.

Does  Home  Insurance  Pay  For  Mold  Removal?
Maybe. First, you must examine your policy to see if there is a universal denial of coverage for any mold damage. If there is then you are out of luck. However, if there is no such denial of coverage, move on to step 2. Second, determine the source of the mold. This is important because mold needs moisture to grow. If your mold problem can be traced to a pipe bursting and spraying water all over your home, then you can make the claim. If the mold is growing because your house is old and moisture got in due to lack of maintenance, then you are out of luck. Another example is water backup, if your sewage drain backs up and you have resultant damage, without a sewer/drain backup endorsement you will be denied coverage. So, in summary: 1) is mold excluded no matter what; and 2) if mold is not excluded, was it caused by a covered cause of loss?

Is  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Necessary?
If youre financial well to do or classified as affluent, it is reasonable that you could sell insure. But most Americans will retire between age 65 and age 70 will be living longer. So the odds are high that youll need some type assisted living or nursing home care. The average cost of medical bills and extended care is $250,000 over your retirement. To indemnify the potential risk some purchase standalone long term care policies, while others purchase life insurance and annuities with long term care riders.

How  To  Transfer  Renters  Insurance?
Renters Insurance cannot be transferred from one tenant to another tenant; the named insured cannot transfer the insurance to another person. However, if the named insured moves to a new rental location, the location can be changed by request to the Carrier's Customer Service department in writing or online (if available). If the named insured is moving to another State, the policy will need to be rewritten as policy forms are approved separately by each independent State thus requiring a rewrite to the new State. We provide an online format to obtain a quote and buy renters insurance online in multiple States should you be unable to make a change to your current renters insurance policy based on your current situation. An exemplary online solution for all! WEBSITELINK Should you need additional assistance, please contact a licensed professional to answer your specific questions!

What  Is  Individual  Disability  Insurance?
Individual Disability Insurance is paycheck protection. Most working Americans have a 90 day cash reserve. The average disability period is 30 months. You may experience a period of disability during your working lifetime. Disability insurance benefits can pay up to 60% of your compensation tax free and up to 80% taxable if you can deduct the premium as a business expense.

When  Will  I  Be  Ready  To  Retire?
Many consider an arbitrary age, such as 65, as the time when they must retire. The better question is, when will I be ready to retire? Planning towards that date makes better sense. Almost 40% report that they started retirement at a date that they did not choose. This makes early planning very important. There is quantitative data that will be necessary to start this process. You should prepare a current financial statement so that you can identify your assets and your liabilities. A cash flow statement would show both your current income and spending habits. That would give you a good indication about your spending in retirement. It would also help you decide if your retirement objectives are realistic. You might be living on a modest income, but planning to retire in luxury. That might be difficult to accomplish. When you are looking at debt you need to identify those debts that will remain into your retirement. On the asset side you need to determine how much of those assets will be available once you retire. You probably have some assets that you dont think about such as cash value life insurance, the equity in your home, another home, or collections. Armed with this information you should seek professional help. If you are uncomfortable with that a visit to the local library will probably locate books that can help you evaluate things for yourself. If you do talk to a professional expect questions about your family, hobbies, organizations and other things that interest you. The next step, taken either alone or with a professional, is to identify and prioritize your retirement goals. It is often difficult to visualize what life will be like once you retire. You should, however, identify what activities you want to do when you retire. If you want to do wood working or golf or travel, these things have costs and need to be identified. Some activities that you enjoy today might be difficult when you retire. Many people want to leave a legacy. If you can establish now what you want to leave to charity or to your family that would be most helpful. If these can be funded early in the process it frees you to make decisions about your spending without worrying about conserving capital for a legacy. The three most pressing issues for most people are providing for a retirement that lasts longer than they anticipate, providing for their surviving spouse and the potential expense of long-term care. These concerns play an important role in your retirement plan and may even affect the date that you start retirement. Your cash flow statement should show what you are spending now. Those expenses will change somewhat and it is important to make those adjustments. Identify which expenses are absolutely necessary and which are discretionary. The way that you provide for basic expenses will be different from the way that you provide for your discretionary expenses. Remember that expenses are not going to remain constant over retirement. Inflation is a problem in retirement that results in increased expenses when the income is probably remaining the same. At the same time, with age comes reduced capability to engage in some activities and that might lower the cost of retirement. The next step is to identify the sources of retirement income. For most there will be social security. For a surprising number social security provides most or all of their retirement income. Perhaps you are fortunate and have a pension plan. Perhaps you have saved money for retirement in qualified or non-qualified plans. Armed with this information you can start to formulate a plan that will take you through retirement and help you meet your objectives.

Is  The  Iphone  Covered  By  Renters  Insurance?
All of your personal property is covered under a renters policy. The policy covers damage that is caused by one of the perils identified in the policy. The IPhone is probably covered away from the residence as ten percent of the coverage limit is available for your personal property away from the residence. Recovery is reduced by the deductible.

Will  Medicare  Advantage  Disappear?
Medicare Advantage plans will probably not disappear completely, but you can expect the landscape to change going forward. Obamacare strips over $700 billion from Medicare funding to pay for subsidized health insurance for people under age 65. Reduced funding means: Fewer Advantage plan choices Smaller networks Higher premiums Higher deductibles and copay's Higher out of pocket

Where  Do  I  Sign  Up  For  Medicare  Part  B?
You can sign up for Medicare Part B online at medicare.gov. The website offers information about when and how to apply, along with a form that you can fill in and submit online. If you would rather call to sign up, you can call Social Security at1-800-772-1213. Or you can sign up at your local Social Security office.

What  Is  Medicare  Look  Back?
The Medicare look-back rule of thumb is 3-5 years. This specifically refers to giving away assets for the purpose of protecting them. Make sure you and your accountant are aware of the Deficit Reduction Act (DRA) of 2006 and that you are in compliance. Otherwise, you'll find it's tough to beat the system an your assets aren't protected the way you thought. Just keep in mind that if the gifts were given outside the look-back period then there is no disqualification. Please click the "Contact Me" button on the left or run a personalized quote at: WEBSITELINK Also, you can call me anytime at: 561-320-2978...I would love to hear from you .

Can  I  Drive  My  Friend's  Car  With  My  Insurance?
Insurance follows the car. The primary coverage for the car that you wish to borrow will be the policy that your friend has on the car. The coverage that you have in a policy on your car would be secondary insurance in the event a claim made against the borrowed car exceeded the limits of your friends policy. Your policy does not become primary coverage.

Does  All  Health  Insurance  Cover  Birth  Control?
This is a great question! Many major medical plans do cover birth control. typically , there is a cost or co pay involved. The best way to figure out if contraceptives are covered is to call the number on your insurance card or take a look in the summary of benefits for your plan.

What  Is  Life  Insurance  Buy  Back?
If this is referring to the buy back option for Life Insurance in Australia and New Zealand, it means that you can restore a bundled policy the original face amount, even after using part of the benefit for Total Permanent Disability (TPD) or Trauma.

Is  Plumbing  Included  In  Homeowners  Insurance?
It depends on the policy form of your homeowners policy. Check to see if you have an HO-3 or HO-5 policy form which is a special form policy or "all risks". These policies cover water damage (not a flooding event from natural causes) from plumbing. Some policies are limited and may exclude water damage such as an Owner Occupied Dwelling Form 1 policy. Always ask your agent if you are concerned about water damage and if your policy covers some of your conerns.

What  Is  Medigap  Policy  F?
Medigap Plan F is the most comprehensive plan on the market. It covers everything Medicare Part A & B does not. You will not have any deductibles, co-insurance or co-pays with Plan F. It's a great plan but it may or may not be the plan for you. There are several plans that you should consider before deciding on Plan F. The easiest way for you to do this is to contact an independent agent that specializes in Medigap Plans (Medicare Supplement Plans). They will be able to show you all the Plan F's in your area but also some others you may want to consider.

Can  Life  Insurance  Be  Garnished  For  Child  Support?
Generally speaking, if the life insurance policy had a person named as Beneficiary, and the Insured person passed away, the benefits from that policy should go to the Beneficiary and be safe from garnishment for child support (if the garnishment was against the Insured). If the Beneficiary stated in the policy is the estate, then the life insurance could be garnished for child support owed by the deceased. If the child support is owed by the Beneficiary, rules regarding wage garnishments against the Beneficiary of the life insurance proceeds vary by state. If you owe child support and are the Beneficiary of a life insurance policy in which the Insured passed away, there has to be a judgement made against you. Then, it varies by state whether any of the life insurance proceeds can be taken away from you for child support payment. You should contact legal counsel for the answer to this question.

When  Can  I  Start  On  Medicare?
You can start on Medicare when you are age 65. If you have paid into Social Security taxes at least 10 years, or are the dependent of a spouse who has done so, you can get Medicare Part A for free. If you were on Social Security Disability for 24 months, you can get Medicare if you are younger than age 65. Some other ways to get Medicare at an age younger than 65 is if you have end stage renal disease or ALS.

Is  It  Ok  To  Have  Multiple  Life  Insurance  Policies?
It is permissible to have more than one life insurance policy, as long as you qualify financially for the total amount of coverage. Sometimes, having a combination of Term and Permanent insurance can better suit your needs and save you money. Sometimes, people want to carry separate policies because they do not want their beneficiaries to see what each other got. Some people carry both business and personal policies. Some like to diversify the companies they use. Some simply want to patronize a friend or relative who is starting to sell life insurance. If it is economical and suits your needs, it is perfectly OK to carry multiple policies. If you are being pressured to buy multiple policies and just can't say no, contact a professional to help you sort out what you do and don't need.

How  Much  Should  Renters  Insurance  Be?
If you live near me you could expect to buy a renters policy with a limit of $25,000 of personal property coverage and $300,000 of liability coverage for about $15 per month. Having said that, each policy is individually underwritten and premiums vary. Setting the limit is the key issue, not the premium. Get help in setting the right limit and you will be particularly happy if you have a major claim.

How  Do  You  Sell  Single  Premium  Whole  Life  Insurance?
Selling single premium whole life insurance is for someone who has a lump sum of money wanting to purchase life insurance. These larger sums give you immediate cash value along with the death benefit. In many cases these products are simplified issue meaning minimal underwriting is necessary. The typical client I see using this product is 45 and up and of course has some liquid funds available. This is not for everyone however. Other insurance products may be a better choice. For marketing material and more information do not hesitate to contact me.

What  Are  CD  Annuities?
There may be a deferring definition for CD annuities, but they're generally a guaranteed fixed rate tax deferred annuity. Of course interest rates can change, but currently a taxable bank CD five year rate is around 2% and a tax deferred fixed interest rate or CD annuity is paying around 3%.

How  Much  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Should  You  Buy?
The #1 risk to retirement is longevity risk. That risk impacts retirement income and can increase the probability of using long term care for assisted living and/or nursing home confinement. An average 60 year old male non smoker may pay $300 a month for $7,000 a month for five years.

Is  Life  Insurance  Yes  A  Legit  Company?
I have never heard of Life Insurance Yes and cannot find it anywhere. It is possible that it may be an obscure company, or perhaps another company is offering a life insurance product called "Yes". You should contact the Better Business Bureau before purchasing a policy from an unknown company.

Does  Life  Insurance  Go  To  The  Estate?
Life insurance proceeds do not go to the estate unless the beneficiary chosen on the policy is the estate, or if the beneficiary is a minor and unable to legally receive the proceeds, or several other circumstances. Life insurance that is left to a person or trust will bypass probate and avoid income tax. However, the value of life insurance owned by the deceased, and left to anything but an irrevocable life insurance trust, is counted in the value of the estate for estate tax purposes.

What  Is  Health  Insurance  Rescission?
That is a good question about a bad thing. Rescission is the action taken by an insurance company when they retroactively cancel a policy due to fraud on the applicants part. Before 2010, an insurer could do it if they found errors or omissions on your application, but in fall 2010 the law was changed to require provable fraud. It makes no difference if your policy is paid to date either. I hope that you never have to find out. Thanks for asking!

What  do  i  do  if  the  person  who  hit  me  doesnt  have  coverage?
If the person does not have insurance then your option is to report the accident with your company ( IF) you have full coverage for the damages. As far as medical in NYS PIP coverage(No Fault) would be pay for the injuries to you and your passengers no matter who's at fault up to the limit on the policy. I cannot speak for any other state or your policy without looking at it. Depending on the state, UMI can be three separate coverage.( UM,UIM & UMPD). As mentioned previously uninsured/under-insured would kick for medical bills, pain and suffering and lost wages. If you have uninsured motorist property damage (UMPD). You can file a claim under that coverage with you company for vehicle repair. Thank you.

What  Information  Is  Needed  For  An  Auto  Insurance  Quote?
The information we require to provide your auto insurance quote is your age, zip code, type of car you drive, how many tickets and accidents you have, and the coverage you need. There may be other questions that need to be asked that will help determine the discounts you qualify for. When shopping different companies for you, as a recognized top-rated broker (and our website), our goal is to research and compare all available offers from the most reputable companies, and simplify the process of applying for coverage. Both preferred drivers and persons that may need an SR-22 filing can view prices quickly, purchase the most affordable policies and have confidence that they are getting the best rates. As a leading US broker, that's our job, and we've been doing it for 33 years! Yes, that is a long time!

Is  It  Too  Late  To  Plan  For  Retirement?
The ten years before your retirement date and the ten years after is the critical time for retirement planning. Wherever you are in that time frame will normally allow you options. If you are ten years away from retirement start today to live on your retirement income and see how that feels. Put the difference between your current income and your retirement income into a Roth IRA. Make adjustments as necessary but get into the post retirement budgeting process as quickly as possible. Identify those skills and interests that you have that can generate additional income should that be necessary. During this period of time be particularly wary of changing investment strategies in an attempt to make up the short-fall. If you elect more aggressive strategies you could end up with an unacceptable loss.

How  Do  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Policies  Work?
Long Term Care Insurance policies pay you or the facility you are residing in for the care you are receiving in the event that you need long term care (LTC) services. You must meet the qualifications, and depending on the elimination period you chose on your policy, there will be a waiting period before payments start. Payments will end when the years you chose are used up or the lifetime dollar amount of the policy is used up.

Is  It  Possible  For  An  89  Year  Old  Male  To  Find  Life  Insurance?
You can purchase simplified issue plans up to age 92 with a few carriers but there are some considerations to be made. First, the person needs to be healthy enough to get through the simplified issue questions in order to get a policy. The other thing to consider is the price. Simplified issue/final expense is expensive as it is but when a 90 year is buying it the premium will be vary expensive. The break even on premium vs. death benefit is likely only going to be 3 or 4 years. This means that in 3 or 4 years, the premium paid will equal the death benefit on the policy.

Can  I  Use  Life  Insurance  To  Pay  For  College?
Yes, Life Insurance can be used to Pay for College if.... You have enough cash value in the policy to withdrawal or take a loan, If you have a return of premium term policy which allows loans to be taken, You received the death benefit which you were the beneficiary. Remember, life insurance can be an asset for you to use provided there is enough resources for you to pull on. Good Luck.

What  Is  A  Modified  Endowment  Contract?
Life insurance was given tax favored status because it is was established for death protection. However, people started putting ever larger amounts of money into insurance policies due to the tax free growth and loans, for investment purposes. In 1988, Congress put a limit on how much cash can accumulate in a policy within a certain period of time and still avoid income tax. When the policy goes over that limit, it is called a Modified Endowment Contract (MEC) and no longer gives the policyowner access to cash values tax free.

How  Do  I  Get  Cheap  Car  Insurance?
There are two ways to measure whether an auto insurance policy is cheap. From the television advertisements you could think that the premium is the way to determine who has the cheapest insurance. Your state insurance commissioner is charged to make sure that insurance companies keep their promises. He does this by making sure that the premiums being charged are adequate. Since all insurance companies doing business in your state are offering their policies to the same group of people, it would seem that ultimately they would have pretty similar experience and would charge fairly similar rates. When you hear an advertisement telling you that customers saved on average 25% by switching to company A, you need to understand that information like that is the result of after sales surveys. This is what people report. That is why almost every insurance company has similar advertisements. If everyone is saving money over everyone else, something isnt quite right. The other way to determine cheap insurance is to determine by value. You buy automobile insurance to pay claims when you have an accident or your car is damaged. When this occurs how much you paid in premium may be insignificant if the policy you hold on your automobile is inadequate to handle the law suits coming your way not to mention the repair of your vehicle. A few days ago a client was struck a glancing blow on the right rear of his car while stopped at a signal light. The car then proceeded to hit the expensive car stopped alongside my clients, pushing that car into a small car with two children on board which then rolled forward and knocked over and ran over a motorcycle operator. The driver who started this mayhem is not thinking about how much he paid in premiums, he is thinking about how much the company is going to pay in the costs that will come next. Incidentally, two people left the scene in ambulances and others were undoubtable injured. The way to have the cheapest automobile insurance is to secure the services of a competent insurance agent. The agent will listen to you, provide sound financial advice and communicate clearly with you and with the insurance company. In the end the agent will guide you to appropriate limits. These limits will determine how well the insurance company performs when you have an accident. Regardless of which company the agent and you agree upon, the real test is going to be how well the company performs when you have an accident. There are two other fallacies that affect an automobile insurance purchase. The first is the idea of legal limits. If you purchase automobile on the basis of the limits required by law you may well bankrupt yourself when you have an accident. Those limits can handle some accidents but certainly will stop paying long before the bills stopping coming if the accident involves much personal injury or the car struck is expensive. The other fallacy is full coverage. Most consider full coverage to be enough to satisfy the state requirement and enough to satisfy the lender. While keeping those entities satisfied you are still assuming too much exposure personally. Your company could run out of money before everyone is satisfied. Then they will sue you directly.

How  Much  Auto  Insurance  Do  I  Need  In  New  York?
The state of New York requires that you carry liability coverage of at least $25,000 per incident with a $50,000 maximum and $10,000 in property damage. If you have a loan on the care you are insuring, you will also need to carry comprehensive (collision) coverage as per the terms of your loan. This requirement comes from the bank that issues the loan and has nothing to do with the state of New York.

How  Much  Should  Long  Term  Disability  Insurance  Cost?
The cost of a long term disability policy will vary based on quite a few factors. Here are a few: 1. The amount of monthly benefit you select. The higher the benefit, the higher the cost. 2. Your specific occupation. The more hazardous your occupation, the more the insurance company will charge for the coverage. 3. The riders you choose. Disability contracts have "riders" which are additional options and features that can be added to your policy. An example would be Future Purchase Option (FPO) which is the ability to buy more benefit as your income goes up without having to through medical underwriting. 4. Your age and health. Disability insurance is more expensive the older you are. If you have health concerns, a disability carrier could charge an additional amount or decide to exclude a specific health issue in your policy. 5. Tobacco usage. Smokers pay a higher premium.

What's  The  Best  Renters  Insurance  Company?
There is no best renter's insurance company since rates vary depending upon the area that you live and other underwriting criteria. To obtain the best rates, and apply for a policy the easiest way, simply contact an experienced broker (preferably with a recognized website). You'll be able to compare the best renter's insurance plans.

Is  It  Legal  To  Require  Renters  Insurance  In  North  Dakota?
A landlord at their discretion can require renters insurance as part of the rental agreement. If you do not wish to purchase renters insurance you have the right to look for housing from a landlord who does not have this requirement. The landlord is not breaking any laws by making renters insurance a requirement of the rental agreement.

How  To  Become  A  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Agent?
To be come a Long Term Care Insurance agent, you first need to get licensed in Health Insurance. This requires taking a test and paying the appropriate fees for licensing. Then you must be certified to sell Long Term Care by taking another test to show adequate knowledge of Partnership Long Term Care policies. You must get contracted with the carriers whose policies you wish to sell. Then develop your clientele.

Does  Life  Insurance  Automatically  Go  To  Credit  Card  Debt?
If you are asking whether the credit card company can garnish life insurance proceeds to pay off credit card debt left by the deceased, the answer is no, as long as the beneficiary of the life insurance policy is a living person. Creditors can go after the estate of the deceased for payment, so if the the beneficiary of the policy is the insured person's "estate", then the credit card company could have a shot at collecting from the life insurance benefit. If you are asking whether the cost of life insurance is counted as credit card debt, the answer is again no, not unless premiums are charged to a credit card.

Can  I  End  My  Car  Insurance  Early?
You are able to cancel your insurance whenever you want, but make sure that (if you do need insurance) that you have obtained another policy somewhere else, prior to cancelling your existing policy. Also, depending on your insurance company, there could be cancellation fees or short-rate fees for cancelling mid-term as well, so make sure you ask about that.

Is  Now  A  Good  Time  For  Annuities?
The are three basic tax deferred annuity crediting methods: interest rate crediting, indice crediting and separate accounts using equity and bond investments: Once you determine your risk tolerance, and time horizon for distributions, you can prepare to purchase one of these types of annuities for income during retirement.

Does  Life  Insurance  Incur  GST?
In the United States no, as there is no Goods and Services Tax. In Australia life insurance is exempt from GST as it is a financial services good. In Canada GST presently does not apply, but legislation in Canada has been proposed that would subject life insurance to GST and some legislation has sought a retroactive application to life insurance for GST.

How  Do  I  Get  A  Life  Insurance  License  In  Minnesota?
Peggy is correct. You must take a course like WEBSITELINK and then pass the state exam. There are fees and costs all along the way. Plan on spending about $500 or so for it all. Talk to your employer about suggestions for this process and recommended courses. I found examfx to be acceptable.

How  To  Bill  Medicare  Part  B  For  Pharmacies?
Medicare Part B normally does not cover expenses billed by your pharmacy. Exceptions may be DME supplies if your doctor has written a prescription for the device and your pharmacy is considered a Medicare approved DME supplier. Outpatient prescription drugs as well as OTC medications are not covered under Part B. If the pharmacy has a clinic onsite they will know how (and if) to bill Medicare.

Can  You  Cash  In  A  Term  Life  Insurance  Policy?
You cannot usually cash in a Term Life Insurance policy because Term Life does not have any cash value. The exception is ROP (Return of Premium) Term. About halfway through the term, it would give you back some of the premiums you paid in, if you were to drop the policy. If you are alive at the end of the term and the policy is still active, you can get back up to the total amount of premiums you paid in.

Does  Existing  Insurance  Cover  A  New  Car?
If you have purchased a new vehicle, your current policy coverages will typically extend to the new vehicle. Most carriers require that an insured notify the carrier within seven days of purchase to have the vehicle covered properly from the date of purchase. If you are purchasing a brand new vehicle or a used vehicle from a car lot or dealership, they may require proof of insurance before you drive the vehicle off of the lot.

How  Much  Does  Life  Insurance  Cost  For  A  70  Year  Old?
A million dollar policy for a 70 year old preferred non-smoker will be around $9785 10 year term, $14510 15 year term, $21600 for 20 year term, $23828 Guaranteed UL. A million dollar policy for a 70 year old standard non-smoker will be around $12825 10 year term, $22110 15 year term, $25930 for 20 year term, $32840 Guaranteed UL.

How  Many  Ultrasounds  Does  Medicare  Cover?
This question is usually asked about Medicaid in regards to pregnancy. However, if the question is addressed for Medicare, the answer appears to be the same whether over age 65 and the ultrasounds are used for testing for health conditions, or for a pregnant women who are on Medicare due to being disabled. The criteria is simply that the ultrasounds must be medically necessary and performed by a provider that participates in Medicare.

How  Do  Insurance  Companies  Estimate  Car  Damage?
I cannot speak for all insurance companies, but in my experience insurance companies will do either one of two things. 1)Accept the estimate prepared by the mechanic. 2) Send an insurance adjuster to look at the damaged vehicle to prepare an estimate. The estimate is based on cost of labor and parts.

How  Much  Does  Health  Insurance  Cost  In  Nebraska?
Many companies, at least nine, stopped offering coverage in Nebraska last year as a result of the Affordable Care Act. This left consumers with far fewer options to chose from, in most counties only Blue Cross Blue Shield and CoOpportunity Health are your only two options. As a result, prices rose for many, especially those not receiving premium subsidies. There is really no such thing as a true or accurate "average cost for health insurance" that can be used to estimate the cost you should pay for coverage. When seeking the best coverage for your personal situation, it is always best to contact an licensed, independent agent that works with all of the major companies in your area. Their service is free, and can help you save thousands of dollars in the very near future, especially if you have any major medical claims.

How  To  Buy  Renters  Insurance?
The best thing to do is to find a local insurance agent, give them a call, and ask for a renters quote. When you speak to an agent, they'll make sure that you get the right type/amount of insurance that you need. You can find a local agent by going online and searching for an agent in your area, or you can use the good old phone book.

Why  Would  I  Be  Declined  Health  Insurance?
There are any number of reasons why a carrier would deny your health insurance application. Most carriers do not issue coverage to those who are in the country illegally. If you are incarcerated or employed in a hazardous occupation you may be denied health insurance. The most common reason is the cost of your health care is more expensive than the carrier is allowed to charge to cover the risk.

Does  Aaa  Have  Disability  Insurance?
No, AAA does not have Disability Insurance. To find a quote for individual disability insurance, you can visit a disability insurance broker or locate a brokerage like that on the internet. Some Life and Health agencies carry a number of Disability insurance policies, as well.

Does  an  insurance  company  have  a  duty  to  defend  after  the  policy  has  been  canceled?
To properly answer this question I would need additional information. However, liability policies are written on either an occurrence basis or claims-made basis. If insurance was cancelled but was in force when the incident occurred, the company would be obligated to defend on an occurrence form. If the claim was filed after the policy was cancelled, the company issuing the claims-made policy would not be required to defend. However, in litigation plaintiffs seek relief from every insurance company remotely involved with the case.

What  All  Does  Rutgers  Health  Insurance  Cover?
Rutgers health insurance (presumably) has a student plan option where you can purchase medical coverage at a reasonable rate. There also may be limited underwriting, although the Network may not be national. You should compare this option with your existing coverage (if you have any). A local experienced broker is the best resource. Go Scarlet Knights!

How  Do  You  Get  Renters  Insurance?
Most reputable companies offer renters insurance and it's very reasonably priced. Call your agent who handles your auto insurance and they should be able to help you. And, if they use the same company for your renters, you should get discounts off of both saving you quite a bit of money. Here are some things to consider: Renters insurance is really just a homeowners policy without the building coverage. It covers your personal property(stuff), and your liability. Two things to get right: Use a tool to estimate what it would cost to replace your stuff. Notice I said "replace". You can get insurance that would pay you the depreciated value of your stuff but, in my opinion, it's worth a little bit more to get your stuff replaced with new. Your agent should have a tool to help you or you can use the one on Allstate's website(no, I'm not an Allstate agent, I just like the tool). Pick a liability limit that will cover all your assets. I usually won't go below $300,000 and I usually recommend at least $500,000. The price difference is usually below $10/yr. It's well worth it. Be smart. Find an agent you can trust to do the best for you and take their advice. In the long run, you'll be happy you did.

Will  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Dogs?
In New York, one of the standard exclusions under the property coverages is something along the lines of 'animals, birds, and fish.' If youown a valuable dog, a 'canine mortality' policy would be appropriate to insure the value of the animal. There are also health insurance policies available for dogs. If you meant to ask 'Are dog bites/attacks and/or damage done by my dog covered underthe personal liabilityy section of a renters policy?', the answer depends on a reading of your policy. Many carriers have a 'dog exclusion' endorsement which voids liability for either all owned dogs or specific breeds. A competent agent or broker should (as a standard procedure) assess/survey your hazards and include questions to you about owned animals (especially dogs) as many carriers will not accept as new risks those individuals owning certain breeds of dogs. Always determine prior to purchase that the insurance policy you wish to purchase provides coverage for your exposures; if the policy covers the liability exposure of the animals you own. If the policy application contains questions about animals, make sure they are answered completely and truthfully, you sign the application, and you retain a copy of the application ( or anything else you sign - always and without fail). If you cannot obtain a copy, do not complete the transaction.

Who  Has  The  Best  Rate  On  A  Variable  Annuity?
In Canada, variable annuities are usually referred to as segregated funds or seg funds. In addition, there is a type of immediate annuity that could be considered a variable annuity. Determining who has the "best rate" is not as simple as it sounds. Seg funds are similar to mutual funds with your money invested in "units" that can rise or fall in value. Like any investment, you can look at past performance of the underlying fund, but that is no guarantee of future performance. Since segregated funds are issued by insurance companies, they contain minimum maturity and death guarantees. Some offer resetting or the locking in of investment gains and other valuable features. The immediate annuity with a variable component, is a payout annuity where you exchange a lump sum for an income. Part of the income you receive is dependent on the performance of fund chosen. An independent insurance broker is in a position to advise you of the different features, so you can select the plan that is right for you for accumulation or retirement income. This is a basic overview of a potentially complex subject. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me. If you would like to work with a local life insurance broker, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: life insurance broker Halifax or life insurance agent Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find a life insurance broker in your community.

Does  Metlife  Still  Sell  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
MetLife quit selling new individual and group Long Term Care Insurance policies in late 2010. They announced that they would still service the Long Term Care policies that they had issued in the past. MetLife continues to pay claims on their existing Long Term Care business and writes new Life Insurance policies.

What  Exactly  Does  A  Life  Insurance  Broker  Do?
A life insurance broker works for you...the consumer. The broker will research and compare many of the top-rated carriers so you can pay less for your coverage. 20 years. 15 years. 10 years.Term. Whole Life. Variable Life. Confusing isn't it? A broker will help you understand the best options for you and how to get them atminimalcost.

When  Do  People  Get  Life  Insurance?
People often get life insurance when they are faced with their own mortality, such as after being diagnosed with diabetes. Many purchase life insurance when they take on a responsibility that will not end upon their death, such as getting married or having a baby. Lots of people purchase life insurance when they do their estate planning. And thousands of people buy funeral policies after the death of a loved one, or when preparing for their golden years.

Does  Medicare  Part  D  Cover  Viagra?
Medicare Part D does not cover Viagra or other medications for ED (erectile dysfunction). I had a client that was prescribed Cialis, but not for ED... it was prescribed for a different medical reason. So his doctor wrote a note explaining the reason for the prescription and the client was able to get a drug exception. However, since the medication was not on the formulary, it was Tier 5 - so the client still had to pay 33% of the cost.

Is  Western  Southern  Life  Insurance  A  Good  Company?
According to their website, Western Southern Life Insurance Company has the following ratings: Standard & Poor's: AA+ AM Best Company: A+ Fitch: AA It takes a good life insurance company to get good ratings. To compare the prices of Western Southern Life Insurance products with the life insurance offered by other highly rated companies, use an online quote engine or call in to an agency that sells more than a few carrier's products.

How  To  Get  Health  Insurance  With  MS?
(Old question but it looks unanswered) One of the 'essentials' of the Obamacare programs is that there are no pre-existing conditions and you can't be turned down because of your health issues. That's HUGE! I'd contact an agent/broker and have them find theplan that works best for you (coverage and price).

How  Much  Renters  Insurance  Do  We  Need?
If you are purchasing a renters policy to satisfy a landlord, the requirement will be spelled out. If not select the highest possible liability limit in case you are sued. Then, inventory your personal property that will be in the rented unit. Alongside each item estimate the cost of replacing that item. With a sum of the values you will have an appropriate limit for the personal property portion of the renters policy. Now, contact a good insurance agent and trust the agent in this process.

What  Is  Aviva  Life  Insurance?
Aviva Life & Annuity Company has a New York and Iowa Company. The Iowa Company is 1.67 billion in assets with a total surplus & Asset Valuation Reserve of 85.3 million. Aviva Life & Annuity Company is rated by A.M. Best A- (4), Standard & Poors A- (7) and Comdex 62.

Will  Medicare  Pay  For  Zostavax  Vaccine?
Only Medicare Prescription Drug Plans (Part D) or Medicare Advantage Plans will pay for Zostavax vaccine for prevention of shingles. Medicare Part B does not cover it. If you get a prescription for Zostavax, you can take the prescription to a pharmacy to have it administered.

How  To  Plan  For  Retirement  In  Your  50's?
Regardless of whether you are in you 50's and are asking how do I start planning or if you are asking how do I plan on retiring when I am in my 50's the process is the same. First determine what a successful retirement would look like for you. Once you have a basic outline then you can determine what needs to be done to fund it. The next step would be to work with a financial planner to calculate what needs to be done and how your resources should be allocated to make it happen. You will find addition information on retirement planning on my website www.jpw.ca If you would like to work with a local Retirement Planner, you could start with a Google search. For example if you search for: retirement planner Halifax or retirement planning Halifax, my name along with several others will come up. You can use the same method to find Retirement Planners in your community. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.

What  Insurance  Companies  Offer  Disability  Insurance?
Many companies do offer disability insurance. However in order to find what's best for you by fitting you with the best product choice you should be prepared to submit some information to analyze your need. One my specialties is in this field and all over the nation. The lower the rate and the more the coverage is the best way. Alway look for one that specializes in this coverage for better results.

What  Is  Excess  Life  Insurance?
Excess Life Insurance is the amount of life insurance that you have through your place of employment that exceeds $50,000. The first $50,000 is generally not taxable to the employee. The "excess" of coverage beyond that first $50,000 must be reported to the IRS as income, minus any after tax premiums paid by the employee.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Tree  Damage  To  Car?
In virtually all cases if your tree falls either on your car or a neighbors car your homeowners insurance will not pay. You are not responsible for an Act of God and are not negligent. The person in questions auto insurance comprehensive coverage would pay for the auto damage caused by the falling tree. If however it can be proven the tree owner was negligent by not taking care of a tree, and the tree was deemed as hazardous a homeowner could be held liable. (This generally means a law suit). This is not an easy one to prove since there would of had to of been an trail of ongoing complaints both verbal and documented in writing by another party in advance to show the homeowner was negligent in maintaining the tree. Then again if a neighbor was filing complaints over a period of time against the homeowners lack of maintaining the tree that was a potential hazard why did he or she continue to park under the tree? So at the end of the day it is the duty of all homeowners to maintain their property which includes bushes and trees and show pride of ownership a homeowner is rarely held liable for a branch falling off a tree and hitting a vehicle. The owner of the vehicle must seek coverage under his comprehensive portion of their auto insurance.

Does  AARP  Recommend  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
The AARP Public Policy Institute wrote a fact sheet in 2012 about Long Term Care. That, like most of their writing on the subject, expresses how helpful Long Term Care Insurance is when the need for such care arises. It explains reasons why people do not buy it and what to look for when purchasing it.

What  Does  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Provide?
Depending on the policy your Long Term Care will provide coverage in a Nursing Home, Assisted Living, Independent Living or even at home if you cannot perform 2 or 3 activities of daily living such as bathing, toileting, you are cognitively impaired, transferring from a chair or to bed or other ADL's named in your policy. The policy helps provide the funds necessary according to the terms of the policy. Since each policy can be set up differently see an agent experienced in Long Term Care Resource Planning to help you find and put together a plan that best fits your budget.

What  Is  The  Difference  Between  Medicare  And  Medigap?
Medicare is a taxpayer funded, government run health insurance program designed primarily for those age 65 and older. Some will qualify at a younger age if they are disabled under Social Security guidelines. Medicare has 2 primary lines of coverage. Part A is the hospital portion, Part B is outpatient care. Medigap (Medicare supplement) is designed to pay for things approved under Part A and B but not paid by Medicare due to deductibles and coinsurance.

When  Do  You  Plan  To  Start  Saving  For  Retirement?
You should Start Saving for Retirement the moment you have a paying job. The discipline of saving for your golden years should be a financial foundation discipline you should never break. How you save today will determine your life style tomorrow. You will be living much longer than are predecessors. Most diet conscience, exercising baby boomer women will experience an average life span into their 90s. What will the millennial generation live to?

When  Do  Auto  Insurance  Rates  Go  Up?
Insurance companies cannot raise rates without approval from the state department of insurance. The state insurance commissioner is charged with protecting the consumer and making sure the companies can meet their obligations. When a company pays out more in claims and expenses than it receives in premiums it starts the process of requesting a rate adjustment. Most states are reviewing these petitions throughout the year. Once approval has been granted, the company must implement the changes.

Is  Selling  My  Life  Insurance  Policy  A  Good  Option  For  Cash?
Video Transcript: Hello everyone, I'm Steve Savant, syndicated financial columnist and host of the weekly online talk show Steve Savant's Money: The Name of The Game. I'm answering questions from insurancelibrary.com, and today's question is: is selling my life insurance policy a good option for cash? Well, it is an option for cash, and if you've owned it for over two years or more, there's probably a little bit easier way to sell that. It is personal property. You do own it, and I say if your reason for having life insurance still exists, you need to keep it, but if your reason for life insurance, why you bought it, has no longer existing then you may want to look at it about cash. There are several companies out there that will buy your policy depending upon how much you've put into, your age, and your actual life expectancy. That's how much you're going to get for that policy. Is it an option? Is it personal property for you to sell? It is, and you should look at this as a last resort, as a backstop for cash reserves in your portfolio. Well, that's our consumer question for today. If you have any questions, just submit them to www.insurancelibrary.com

Can  Car  Insurance  Companies  Check  Police  Records?
Car insurance companies, among other underwriting standards, include information obtained in accident and motor vehicle reports in order to determine both eligibility and pricing for a car insurance policy. This information is universally used by every auto insurance company that I know of when considering an application for both personal and commercial insurance.

What  Should  I  Pay  For  Life  Insurance?
You should pay for your life insurance what you can comfortably afford to pay, so that you do not need to drop your policy when small financial problems arise. Life insurance that is allowed to lapse due to being unable to pay premiums does not do any good at time of death. Contacting a website that allows you to compare premiums will show you what the best rates in the country are for the type and amount of life insurance you desire.

Does  Medicare  Cover  My  Spouse?
If your spouse has worked and paid Medicare taxes for the entire required 40 quarters, or is eligible for Medicare by virtue of being disabled or some other reason, your spouse can receive his/her own medicare benefits. If your spouse has not met those qualifications, if you have met them, and if your spouse is age 65, he/she can receive Medicare based on your eligibility.

Where  Should  I  Buy  Car  Insurance?
From a local agent that you are comfortable with. This person will be a great source of insurance information when you have questions and will also help ensure that you are happy with the carrier that you are with. If you have problems with billing or claims they can normally help get your issue resolved in a timely manner without the headaches to you.

What  Is  Transamerica  Life  Insurance  Company?
Transamerica Life Insurance Company is owned by AEGON Group. The company offers Term and Permanent life insurance policies along with Long Term Care Insurance and other products. To find competitive quotes for Transamerica and many other life insurance companies, visit a website that provides instant life insurance quotes to compare prices.

What  Is  The  Number  One  Car  Insurance?
USAA (United Services Automobile Association) out-scores mostother car insurance companies by far, in theJD Power auto claims & auto insurance customer satisfactionstudies each year, but it's available onlyto active US military, honorably-discharged veterans, and somequalifying family members. Amica, acompany available to the general public in most US states, also performs well in JD Power auto insurance studies. If by number one, you mean the company insuring the most private passengercars in the USA, the answer to your question is State Farm.

What  Does  Home  Insurance  Usually  Cost?
In order to obtain a home insurance quote, you will need to contact a provider and answer questions for the carrier to assess the risk and thus quote the risk based on your specific factors. A few of the risk factors that assess the premium are: the geographic area of the home to be insured, the home's characteristics (size & year built), the type of roof, type of plumbing, recent updates, prior claims, amount of Personal Liability insurance requested, deductible requested and any additional endorsements that you would like to add (i.e. jewelry, personal injury, extended liability to other dwelling etc...). The price of home insurance differs in each and every zip code in the country based on actuarial figures; also all insurance carriers have a different method of assessing risk thus producing a different premium for the same policy.

How  Much  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Is  Necessary?
Long term care insurance (LTCi) is part of retirement planning. The total medical cost during retirement is $250,000. Some of that expense could be LTCi assisted living or nursing home care. If you have discretionary dollars, it is recommended to purchase an LTCi policy to the maximum allowable benefits before age 65. A nonsmoking male and female in good health purchasing a combined LTC policy will pay around $300 a month.

How  Long  Does  It  Take  To  File  A  Renters  Insurance  Claim?
Generally, it is the interest of the insurance company to get a release from the claimant and close a claim. That release ends the companys liability. There are many things that can cause delays in the claims process but the companies are usually committed to quick action.

How  Much  Do  Medigap  Plans  Cost?
The cost of a Medigap Plan can vary based on several different things. What state you live in, age, smoking status and which plan will determine the monthly premium. One of the great things about Medigap Plans is it keeps your "max out of pocket" costs very low and makes it easier to budget a monthly premium rather than unexpected medical bills. To compare the exact cost of Medigap Plans in your area visit our website at SummitMedigap.com. You will be able to see plans from all the major carriers in less than a minute. You can also call us at 1-888-407-8664.

How  Long  Is  The  Free  Look  Period  For  Annuities?
The free look period for annuities varies according to the state in which you live. Variable annuities normally have a free look period of "at least 10 days", according to the SEC. The free look period for fixed annuities is the same number of days as the free look period for life insurance products, in some states. Contact the carrier through which your annuity was purchased to find out the free look period for your annuity in your state.

When  Did  Obamacare  Pass?
March 23, 2010, a day that will live in infamy in the history of our country. Some people who benefited from this new law, but many others have suffered. While only time can ultimately prove whether or not this law benefited the greater good of our society, at this point, it seems to have done far more harm than good, when the overall scope of the cost and benefits provided are considered.

Does  Geico  Have  Life  Insurance?
Geico is really two entities. One is the insurance company that provides auto and vehicle coverage. The other is the Geico insurance agency. They are simply like any other independent agency in that they represent other companies through which they place insurance. This is what Geico does with life insurance. If you purchase life insurance with them, it will be placed with a different company. That doesn't necessarily make it bad. It's most likely a company that many independents write through. My advice is to find the right agent. One you can trust to do the best thing for you and your family, not just the cheapest option. Then listen to him/her and take their advice. You'll come out ahead in the long run.

Does  Disability  Insurance  Get  Taxed?
Non deducted disability insurance benefits are tax free, generally up to 60% of your compensation. However, if your have a business and your have operational deductions, you could deduct the disability insurance premium and secure up to 80% of your compensation. But benefits would then be taxed at ordinary income tax rates.

How  To  Lower  Your  Car  Insurance  Bill?
The single best thing you can do is shop around with other auto insurance companies. Each company is unique in that they have their own appetite for what they like and don't like. You may fit right into some company's "sweet spot". But you will never know which companies can beat your current rates. As far as lowering premium on an active policy, you have to be careful. Normally when drivers lower their coverages or cut them out altogether, they tend to make cuts in the wrong areas. It's important to understand the difference between a controlled risk and an uncontrolled risk. A controlled risk is one where by lowering or dropping coverage, you know the exact dollar amount of the extra risk you are taking on. This includes raising your deductibles on comprehensive and collision coverage (or dropping it altogether), dropping additional coverage such as rental and roadside assistance/towing. Stay away from lowering uncontrolled risks! Namely liability coverage and uninsured motorist bodily injury coverage. This is where people get burned! Keep both of these as high as you can afford them.

How  Much  Term  Life  Insurance  Should  I  Have?
Term life insurance is intended to cover needs that have a set time period. E.g. A 30 year mortgage can be protected by purchasing a 30 year Term life insurance policy. So you can determine how much Term life insurance you should have by looking at the need to be covered. E.g. if your mortgage is for $200,000, taking out a 30 year Term policy of $250,000 (enough to cover the mortgage plus misc other expenses that would be incurred upon death) would be a good amount to purchase for that particular need. Figuring this out for each temporary need, then lumping them together in the length of policy needed, can be a cost effective way to buy Term life insurance.

What  Medicare  Plan  Is  Best?
Medicare Supplement Plan F and Plan F Plus which is the same but with a $2140 deductible fill in the coverage gaps best for Medicare Parts A and B. if the doctor or facility accepts Medicare patients, these plans will do the job best without having to choose from a network of providers. They also provide Nationwide coverage.

What  Coverage  Should  I  Get  For  Home  Insurance?
When you establish a Home Insurance policy, some of the coverage is automatically included, and some of the coverage is optional. Let's take a look at the included coverage first. Coverage A - Dwelling: This is the primary coverage for the policy and dictates the amount of some of the other included coverage limits. This is the amount that the insurance company will pay up to in the case of any claims. From a simple window breakage due to storm damage, or a total loss due to fire, the maximum the policy will pay during any one policy period (typically a year) would be the amount shown on this coverage Coverage B - Other Structures: This coverage is for fences, detached garages, unattached decks or gazebos and etc. The limit on this coverage is typically a percentage of Coverage A, for example 10% of the amount of your dwelling limits. This coverage is in addition to Coverage A, meaning if a loss damaged more than just the dwelling, you can collect on both. Coverage C - Personal Property: This is the limit the policy will pay to replace your belongings, furniture, clothing, and etc. Typically this is 50% of Coverage A, and again this is in addition to Coverage A. Coverage D - Loss of Use: If there was a claim initiated on your property, and you had to find temporary residence while repairs were being made, or the home was simply no longer livable, this would be the coverage that would apply. Typically this is 30% of Coverage A and would be in addition as well. On top of these coverage limits, you can have additional coverage through either automatically included or optional extensions of coverage. These can include, but are not limited to: Debris Removal; Cyber Theft Protection; Credit Card and Forgery; Trees, Shrubs and Plants; Fire Department Service Charge; Ordinance or Law; Glass Breakage; and additional riders to increase personal property coverage above limits. For example, the policy might restrict replacement of Money/Gold/Coins to only $200 per claim. Or Jewelry, Furs, Precious Stones to $1000 per item / $5000 per claim. These riders would increase coverage for those specific items you might have that are of greater value. Finally, there is coverage for Personal Liability, which is included in most policies, but is not calculated as a percentage of Coverage A. Typically the limits provided for this coverage start at $100,000 and can be as high as $1,000,000 or more in some States. This coverage would apply if you were ever personally sued for any activity other than a vehicle accident, as your auto policy would cover that. I know that's a lot to think about. I highly recommend you meet with a licensed insurance agent in your area to have them walk you through all of the options available and help select the right amount of insurance for your individual needs.

What  Is  The  Largest  Life  Insurance  Company  In  The  US?
There are many ways to categorize the largest Life Insurance Companies. Based on market share and premium revenue, I estimate the largest Life Insurance company to be American General, followed by MetLife in the number 2 slot. Hartford is third followed by Northwestern Mutual as number 4 and Prudential finishing as number 5...

How  To  Compare  Home  Insurance  Policies?
ISO is an independent organization that provides insurance companies with standard forms. Some companies use the ISO forms directly while others modify them a bit or put them into language that is easier to read. However, the coverages extended by the homeowners policies vary little from company to company. Companies will often market their unique twist on the policy; however, those twists dont change things very much. Unless you have a very unusual house, you will find coverage the same from company to company.

What  Is  Mobile  Home  Insurance?
Mobile Home Insurance is the same concept as homeowner's insurance for site-built homes; however, the coverage is usually only provided by specialty companies for various reasons, which I will discuss infra. Mobile Home Insurance typically mirrors a homeowner's policy in the fact that it has coverage for the dwelling, other structures, personal property, loss of use, personal/premises liability, and all the optional coverages such as identity theft, personal injury, etc. Mobile Home insurance is usually only provided by specialty companies such as Foremost, American Modern, American Reliable, Aegis, etc. Mobile homes present a unique loss exposure. Site-built homes are usually constructed much better than mobiles/manufactured homes, and site-built homes have a variety of fire-resistant materials used in them. Mobile homes, on the other hand, typically dry up fairly quickly; and it is not unusual to see a small fire cause a total loss in a mobile over 15 years old, as the mobile has then become a tinderbox. Mobiles also can vary on the foundation, depending on local building codes. For instance, in California, mobiles are not subject to state building codes. So each county assessor's office determines what qualifies as a "permanent foundation." One county requires a full concrete perimeter foundation with earthquake retroffiting (i.e. bolting), whereas another county will allow the homeowner to lay down a strip of gravel, stack some cinderblocks, and set the mobile on it. This inconsistency makes profitable underwriting somewhat challenging. It can be tricky purchasing mobile home insurance as many agents try to sell a depreciated value policy. Mobile homes are the one coverage that do not use "replacement cost" as determined by contractor labor plus materials to repair or replace. Replacement cost policies for mobile homes are based on the purchase price for a brand new mobile of like kind and quality plus transportation and installation. After 10 years of age or so, many mobile homeowners claim they would not want a new mobile anyway, they would go purchase a used one; therefore, they do not buy replacement cost, they only buy depreciated value. While this can be a significant savings on your annual premium, the likelihood of a total loss is much higher in a mobile than in a site-built home; and the danger is that you would only get paid $5,000 - $10,000. Good luck purchasing one and transporting/installing it onto your property for that amount.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Water  Damage  From  A  Dishwasher?
Your homeowners policy may provide some coverage for water damage caused by water from a diswaher less your deductible up to the limits of the policy. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that may be contained within or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

What  Does  Medicare  Not  Pay  For?
Some of the items and services that Medicare doesn't cover include: <a title=" Services that include medical and non-medical care provided to people who are unable to perform basic activities of daily living, like dressing or bathing. Long-term supports and services can be provided at home, in the community, in assisted living, or in nursing homes. Individuals may need long-term supports and services at any age. Medicare and most health insurance plans don't pay for long-term care. " href=" WEBSITELINK rel="nofollow">Long-term care (also called<a title=" Non-skilled personal care, like help with activities of daily living like bathing, dressing, eating, getting in or out of a bed or chair, moving around, and using the bathroom. It may also include the kind of health-related care that most people do themselves, like using eye drops. In most cases, Medicare doesn't pay for custodial care. " href=" WEBSITELINK rel="nofollow">custodial care ) Most dental care Eye examinations related to prescribing glasses Dentures Cosmetic surgery Acupuncture Hearing aids and exams for fitting them Routine foot care You can go to the medicare.gov website and check on the main page if any test, item or service is covered by Medicare.

Do  You  Need  To  Have  Homeowners  Insurance  In  Pennsylvania?
No, Homeowners is not mandatory in Pennsylvania. However, if you are applying for any type of homeowners loan, most banks will require you to purchase insurance to process the loan. The bank will also ask to be listed as the lien holder. If you need help obtaining Pa Homeowners contact me at www.PaInsuranceMadeEasy.com or call/text 570.294.4140

How  Much  Will  My  Life  Insurance  Payout?
If you consider the payout to be the death benefit, the average person receives much more than the sum of premiums paid and has enjoyed peace of mind through the process. If someone lives to life expectancy they will discover that the cheapest life insurance was not the one with the lowest premium rather it was the one with the highest premium because if became paid up long before death and resulted in a payout far greater than the sum of premiums.

Does  A  60  Year  Old  Need  Life  Insurance?
Most people need life insurance unless the 60 year old is completely financially free of debt, has no survivors such as a wife / husband, and doesn't want to leave anything behind to others such as their kids. A lot of times older people may look to a smaller type of life policy which is now coined as a final expense policy. It really depends on the person and their situation though.

Does  Citibank  Offer  Life  Insurance?
Citibank may very well offer some form of life insurance through an affiliate company. Possibly credit life or accidental death and dismemberment. Citibank it's self is not an insurance company and I believe by law they cannot operate directly as an insurance company. That said through the use of "other" companies, they can offer insurance.

Can  I  Get  Insurance  On  A  Car  Not  In  My  Name?
A licensed driver can purchase a non-owned automobile policy. There are a variety of situations where this would be in your interest. If you frequently use short term vehicle rentals this policy can provide the liability insurance required by the leasing company. If you have employees who drive their vehicles in the course of your business, you could be sued and non-owned auto coverage is where you would look for coverage.

Can  I  Switch  From  Original  Medicare  To  Medicare  Advantage?
If you are new to Medicare you can enroll in a Medicare Advantage Plan three months before- the month of- or 3 months after you turn 65 or qualify for Medicare. Otherwise you can only switch during the annual Open Enrollment Period from October 7th thru December 15th. If you have both Medicaid and Medicare or you are getting Extra Help thru Low Income Subsidy you can switch any time.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Death?
Life insurance covers death. A renters policy has a liability section which would provide protection if someone sued you for personal injury that resulted in death. That protection wouldnt apply to a resident of your unit, but would apply to someone that you invited on the premises.

Does  Owning  A  Motorcycle  Affect  Disability  Insurance  Rates?
No, I would say that owning a motorcycle will not affect your rates. The only way I see it affecting your rates is if you race your motorcycle competitively. In that case,you would need to fill out a hazardous sports questionnaire. Then the carrier would either rate up or exclude the activity.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Sump  Pump  Failure?
Mechanical items in the home are rarely covered by a homeowners policy. Normal wear and tear is not what a homeowners policy is designed to do. A homeowners policy is designed to pay for damage to your property that comes from specified perils. Failure of a pump doesnt sound like damage to me.

What  Is  Covered  Under  Medicare?
Medicare Part A and Part B cover services and supplies that are considered medically necessary to treat a disease or condition. Original Part A and B Medicare also cover some preventative services. If you have Medicare Part D or a Medicare Advantage Plan, many prescription drugs will also be covered.

What  Are  The  Two  Major  Types  Of  Life  Insurance?
The two major types of Life Insurance are Term Insurance and Permanent Insurance. Term Insurance is very straightforward and there are not many variations. It is meant to satisfy the need for coverage on a temporary basis. Permanent Insurance comes in Whole Life, Universal Life, and Indexed and Variable options, among others. It is used for long term needs and some financial planning purposes due to its tax favorable status.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  International  Travel?
Some health insurance policies will cover out of country, international travel medical expenses. You need to understand there are no networks once you leave the country and your policy may be treated as a reimbursement plan. If is always wise to purchase an international travel medical plan to cover items not included in your current health insurance plan. Med evac and translation of medical records are two examples.

What  Are  The  Best  Medicare  Advantage  Plans?
There is no "best" Medicare Advantage plan. Benefits and premiums vary by zip code and from year to year. The "best" plan is the one that fits your needs and budget. Medicare Advantage plans are similar to traditional major medical plans in that they have copay's and deductibles. But the difference stops there. Most Advantage plans have networks. Some networks are local while others are regional. Some Advantage plans only include coverage if you are treated by a network provider while others will include out of network coverage but with a higher (and usually separate) deductible, higher copay's and higher out of pocket. Exceptions are made to the out of network penalty for true medical emergencies. Make sure you understand all details of the policy, especially your out of pocket maximum. The out of pocket limit does not include non-network benefits or Rx. It also does not include any non-covered medical treatment. In most areas less than half the doctors accept ANY Medicare Advantage plans. Even if your doctor does accept Advantage patients they may not participate in your particular plan

Which  Company  Offers  The  Best  Life  Insurance?
Term life insurance has very few variables, so many companies offer good Term Life policies. The main things to look for are a guaranteed level premium, a guaranteed level face amount, and conversion options. Aside from looking at the policy, you can look at the rating of the company. The policy is only as good as the company that issues it. Any rating above an A is what I feel is a secure rating for a life insurance company.

Can  People  With  Cancer  Get  Life  Insurance?
It depends on the type of cancer, stage, treatment and the period of time since all treatment has ended. Certain types of cancer, such as most forms of skin cancer, if caught early and "cured", should not prevent someone from obtaining life insurance. Depending on the stage and treatment, rates may be standard or higher. Other forms of cancer may be insurable and others may not. Life insurance professionals with experience in cases involving such medical histories, can shop insurable cases from a wide variety of insurers to obtain the best possible offer.

Why  Do  People  Get  Denied  Life  Insurance?
There are a variety of reasons that can trigger a declination. The leading cause of declination is your health condition where the company has calculated your life expectancy is unprofitable for the company to take on the risk of your demise. Hazardous recreations and vocations can also cause a declination. A motor vehicle report with several moving violations in a 2-3 year period or DUIs can result in a declination.

What  Happens  With  Life  Insurance  When  You  Die?
If the life insurance contract is in force when you die as the policy insured, the policy beneficiaries will receive the death benefit proceeds. But they will need to submit a copy of the certificate of death and the newspaper obituary citing your passing. It takes about 30-60 days from the death of the insured to receive the policy proceeds.

Do  Medigap  Plans  Have  Drug  Coverage?
Modern Medigap plans do not include drug coverage. Some of the older plans, those issued prior to 2006, may include a limited drug plan. If you have a Medigap plan you should consider a stand alone drug plan. The beauty of this approach is you can find a drug plan that meets your needs. When you buy a Medicare Advantage plan with built in drug coverage you take the plan they want you to have.

Does  Medigap  Cover  Physical  Therapy?
According to the 2014 Medicare and You handbook distributed by CMS, physical therapy is a limited Medicare approved item. Medicare covers an evaluation and treatment for any injury or disease that changes your ability to function (provided a doctor approves your need for physical therapy). There may be a limit on the amount Medicare will pay for physical therapy services in a single year. Most Medigap Plans will pay the remaining 20% that Original Medicare does not pay for Medicare approved physical therapy.

What  Is  Long  Term  Disability  Insurance?
Long term disability insurance is an insurance product designed to protect most people's most valuable asset, their ability to earn a living. It could be from an injury or an illness, that you are no longer able to work at the occupation which you were educated and trained to do. There are a few components to be familiar with. The first is the benefit amount which can be limited to 50% to 75% of your monthly income at the time of becoming disabled. next is the elimination period. This is the time period you are medically diagnosed as disabled and the time when benefits begin to pay to you. Next is the period benefit which is the time period the benefits are paid to you. For example, benefits can be paid for 2 years. 5 years, 10 years or age 65 or 67 years old. Because there is a lot to consider I recommend using an experienced independent disability insurance broker to help guide you through this maze, so you receive the best coverage at the best price for your unique situation.

Can  You  Withdraw  Money  From  A  Whole  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Participating whole life accumulates cash values. The question has aninherent policyprovision that may have tax ramifications, the word "withdrawal." Withdrawalgenerallyrefers to accessing basis. Participatingwhole life distributes dividends. Dividends are a return of unused premium. Withdrawing your dividends up to basis should be tax free and with no policy charges. If you need to accesscashvalues beyond basis, you need to takeinterestchargingpolicy loans, which are tax free, as long as the policy is kept in force for the life of the insured, Thepolicyloans onparticipatingwhole life insurance are spread loans or direct recognition loans. Consult your tax adviser and insurance professional before moving forward with withdrawals.

Does  Life  Insurance  Go  To  Pay  Debts?
When a beneficiary is paid under a life insurance policy, the proceeds paid under that policy belong to that beneficiary. The beneficiary is then free to use that money as they see fit. It can pay debts, buy a house, pay for college loans, or their own retirement. It is also tax free under current laws. Thank you. GARY LANE

Does  Home  Owners  Insurance  Cover  Lost  Ring?
This would be known as mysterious disappearance. Most home owners policies will provide a limited amount of coverage less a deductible for personal property. You can also schedule items of greater value to provide higher limits of coverage. Please read your policy completely to know what coverage is provided and what the exclusion there are or call your local agent to have them explain the coverage offered and exclusion within the policy.

What  Is  The  Best  Life  Insurance  Term  Or  Whole?
Whether to buy Term, Whole or another kind of life insurance depends on your need and desire for your life insurance coverage. If you are a person who has a hard time saving money, getting Whole Life insurance can serve the dual purpose of protecting your family in case of death but also generating a cash value to borrow from for emergencies or life events such as college or marriage. If you have a temporary need, such as wanting to be able to pay off a mortgage in the event of your death, Term Life Insurance costs less per thousand. It does not accumulate cash value and will expire at the end of the term. Universal Life or Indexed Universal Life is another choice. It can be guaranteed not to lapse for the rest of your life at a locked in premium, and is more adjustable than Whole Life. It can be made to generate very little cash value, so that it is affordable lifetime protection. Or it can be funded to have lots of cash value that can be borrowed from tax deferred for retirement income. A good life insurance agent will discuss your financial situation, your goals, and your options with you, and help you arrive at what is best for you.

Would  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Tornado  Damage?
Great question! I sincerely hope that you aren't asking because you have had that happen to you. In most cases the damage should be covered, but you will want to ensure that it is by reading the exclusions , but again, it usually is covered. If I can help in any way, please contact me. Thanks for asking!

How  Does  Credit  Life  Insurance  Work?
Credit life insurance pays the lender the amount that is owed them by the borrower, if the borrower should pass away before the debt is paid off. The entire death benefit goes to the creditor. Regular life insurance pays the borrower so that their beneficiaries can pay off what is left of their debt and use the rest of the death benefit for other purposes.

How  Long  Does  It  Take  For  Life  Insurance  To  Become  Effective?
Life insurance formally goes into effect after the policy has been issued, the delivery requirements have been returned, and the first premium has been paid. If coverage has been "bound" (the first premium paid at the time of taking the application), temporary life insurance protection will be in effect until underwriting has been completed. And some No Exam policies are put into effect upon completion and approval of a digitally signed application, making delivery requirements unnecessary.

Is  Therapy  Covered  By  Health  Insurance?
That would depend on what type of therapy you need, and which insurance policy you have. All health plans written since January 1, 2014 must cover traditional physical and mental therapies, though different companies may have a different limit on the number of visits that are covered. To find the best plan for your personal situation, it is best to speak with a licensed, independent agent that works with most, if not all, the insurance companies in your area.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  A  Move?
It is best to check with your insurance professional to discuss your particular coverage. However, generally speaking, here in CT, the coverage we sell and that provided by other carriers whom I have seen over the years does provide extended coverage for your personal property for up to 30 days when you are moving from one location to another. Generally, personal property outside your home is covered up to 10% of the total amount stated in your policy. This provision however is modified for a move and usually the policy provides coverage up to the full terms and conditions in that situation. Keep in mind that coverage is always subject to your deductible and in the event of a loss, contract coverage is determined by the licensedclaims professional handling the case.

What  Kind  Of  Blood  Work  Is  Done  For  Life  Insurance?
The blood work done for a life insurance exam tests for glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, liver function, renal function, drugs, nicotine, and some related labs. By these they can determine whether there may be underlying risks of which even the applicant may be unaware.

How  Much  Will  Car  Insurance  Cost  For  A  20  Year  Old?
There is not enough information to answer the question. As an agent I would need to know what kind of car the driver will be operating, What are the desired coverage's the driver wishes to carry. Also I would need to check driving history, location or garaging address and see if the driver may qualify for any potential discounts. These are just the basics in order to get a rate.

Is  Safeco  A  Good  Home  Insurance  Company?
Absolutely, at the Insurance Browser we love Safeco. They are a national carrier wholly owned by an even larger insurer Liberty Mutual. They have competitive products and pricing in many of the states we operate in including AZ, TX,GA and MO. We have also been able to see their claim settlement practices with our customers and they are very pleased.

Is  The  TSP  A  Good  Retirement  Plan?
The Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) is a qualified defined contribution plan for U.S. civil service employees and uniformed service members. The Thrift Savings Plan is part of the Federal Employees Retirement System is similar to 401(k) and Roth 401k. There are millions of participants in TSPs, so the plan is apparently adequate for those participating.

Can  You  Have  Medicaid  And  Medicare?
Yes. Eligibility rules for Medicaid is going to vary by state. Medicaid can help pay for services and costs that Medicare doesn't cover. When you have both programs, Medicare pays first and Medicaid will pay second.If you qualify for Medicaid in your state, you automatically qualify for extra help paying for your Medicare Part D prescription drug coverage.

Does  Education  Affect  Car  Insurance?
Your education does not necessarily effect your car insurance. What I mean by this is you are not going to get better or worse coverage based upon what kind of degree you have. However, having an advanced degree can offer you some premium discounts. With one of the carriers I work with they will offer a discount for any degree above a high school diploma. So, if you have a Ph.D, J.D. M.D./D.O. you will receive a greater discount. I hope this helps.

Why  Do  You  Have  To  Have  Renters  Insurance?
Renters' insurance policies provide a considerable amount of coverage for a relatively small premium. For starters, it is extremely valuable coverage in the event of a loss to your personal property from perils such as fire, smoke, theft and others. It also provides some coverage for liability which can be of significant value. Other desired coverages can be economically added. From a personal standpoint, I saw the value first-hand when my Sons had a severe kitchen fire in their apartment in Raleigh, NC a few years ago. No one was hurt but the apartment became uninhabitable as a result of the fire and smoke damage. Because my Sons were astute enough to have purchased a renters policy, they were reimbursed for all of their burned and smoke-damaged possessions and they received reimbursement for living expenses elsewhere while restoration was being completed. Additionally, the landlord sued them for negligence related to the cause of the fire...which was quickly thrown-out in court...but the insurance carrier provided them a defense for the negligence allegation. All-in-all, it cost my Sons their very affordable premium and a small loss deductible to get back to their lives. Without the renters policy, they would have been 'hurting' for a long time

How  To  Work  From  Home  As  An  Insurance  Agent?
First get licensed in your state. Then get contracts with some companies either directly or through a marketing organization. Working from home takes a lot ofdiscipline For a new agent I highly recommend going through an organization that provides training and support and mentoring. You can still work at home but having the structure of weekly training meetings will help keep you motivated and give you the help you need to get started.

What  Is  Best  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
While there several long term care insurance companies worth reviewing for their premium costs and policy definitions, there are only six brokerage players: Genworth, John Hancock, LifeSecure, Mutual of Omaha, MedAmerica and Transamerica. Niche Companies include: Equitable (STC), Aetna (STC), Lincoln (Linked Benefit). There are other long term care insurance companies, but these represent the players. Product suitability is an important item in matching your long term care needs with the right benefits. That being said my overall pick is Genworth.

How  Much  Does  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Cost?
Long term care insurance cost is dependent on the benefits and policy riders you purchase. But more than product design is your own personal information such as gender, age, smoking status, health history and current medical condition. A non-smoking male, 60 years of age with full a monthly coverage of $7,000 a month benefit and $420,000 limit will pay around $300 a month.

What  License  Is  Needed  To  Sell  Life  Insurance?
In Canada, life insurance licensing is regulated provincially. A Life and Accident & Sickness license is required. Applicant are required to complete a Life Insurance Qualifying Program (LLQP), which requires 100+ hours of study. Once this course is completed and the final exam passed applicants may write the provincial license exam. Once the applicants have successfully passed the licensing exam, they may apply for a Life and Accident and sickness license. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me. If you would like speak with a local life insurance broker, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: life insurance broker Halifax or life insurance agent Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find a life insurance broker in your community.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Lost  Jewelry?
Jewelry is personal property and is covered by a homeowners policy. Most homeowners policies limit the recovery on jewelry and many offer a floater that provides worldwide coverage without a deductible for jewelry. There is an additional charge for that coverage. If jewelry is lost or damaged and not included in a floater, it will be adjusted on the replacement or depreciated value depending on the type of personal property coverage elected. The result will be reduced by the deductible.

Is  Accidental  Overdose  Covered  By  Life  Insurance?
Only suicide is excluded and only for the first two years. So, if it is truly accidental, and not suicide, then it would also be covered even during the first two years. After than, even if intentional, it would still be covered. The fact that it might even be an illegal drug would not change things. Thank you. GARY LANE.

How  To  Sign  Up  For  Medicare  A  And  B?
Assuming you are aging in you are about to turn 65 years of age, and have paid into Medicare from social security payroll tax for 10+ years. You will receive your information package from SSI that will provide 2013 Medicare plan options and details. If you have not received your information or welcome package please call social security If you are still working you will notreceivepart B when aging in as you are receiving (presumably) medical insurance from your employer. When you leave employment it is important to notify SSI so you will beeligiblefor Medicare part B the first month of retirement. Part A is your inpatient hospitalization Part B is youroutpatientcoverage. Your local insurance agent is paid by the insurance carrier and is free to you. Agents are licensed trained and certified to understand the topic. I recommend you find an agent in your community to answer all your questions and help you enroll I hope I has been helpful

How  Long  Can  You  Be  On  Medicare?
If you are 65 or older, and have qualified for Medicare based on residency and tenure in the Social Security system, you can remain on Medicare for life unless you opt out. If you are under 65 and on Medicare due to a disability that qualifies under Social Security, you continue on Medicare as long as you are disabled.

How  Much  Does  It  Cost  For  Disability  Insurance?
The cost of disability insurance depends on many factors including your age, your occupation, your current health, where you live, the insurer that is offering coverage, and the type of benefits you are purchasing. Monthly rates could cost between $50 and $500 (or more). Often this type of policy will cost between 4% and 9% of your income in premium payments. An experienced full-time broker is your best resource to help you find the best offers.

Is  It  Illegal  To  Drive  Without  Car  Insurance  In  Iowa?
Yes, the state of Iowa requires that you have auto insurance. The minimum required coverage is liability of $20,000 per incident with a $40,000 maximum and $15,000 in personal property coverage.

Can  You  Get  Health  Insurance  If  You  Are  Unemployed?
Health Insurance is available for every person; whether employed or unemployed.You would have to obtain your own Individual or Family Health Insurance plan. You may choose from HMO or PPO plans, you may select amongst a variety of Co-Pay options, Deductibles and Co-Insurance percentage. Your age and geographic area will determine the premium rate. Please feel free to contact a professional should technology not completely answer all your questions and/or concerns!

How  To  Learn  Annuities?
An annuity is a promise to provide a lifetime of payments (usually monthly) in exchange for a single deposit. The actuary determines from life expectancy tables the estimated payout and after adjusting for interest the premium is set. This is a single premium immediate annuity. There are a variety of modifications of this basic concept and they involve the accumulation period. If instead of a single payment, you want to make a series of payments these different plans offer different approaches. An annuity has the advantage of accumulating money with the income tax on the earnings being deferred.

Can  I  Remove  A  Dependent  From  My  Health  Insurance?
Dependent children are eligible to be covered under their parent's health insurance plan up to age 26. Regarding dropping a dependent from your health insurance coverage, itwill depend upon whether you have an individual health insurance policy or whether you are covered under a group health insurance policy that includes a Section 125 plan. If you have an individual policy then it should be a simple matter of contacting your agent or the health insurance carrier and notifying them of your intention to drop the dependent child from your coverage. It is most likely that you will need to complete and sign a termination request form so that all the legalities associated with terminating a person's coverage are complied with. If you are covering your dependent under your group health insurance coverage through your employer and they have a Section 125 plan in place your situation will be more complicated. If you don't know what a Section 125 plan is, if you are paying any portion of your health insurance premium and it is being taken out of your paycheck on a pre-tax basis then you are almost certainly subject to a Section 125 plan. Check with your HR person, the business owner or their insurance broker to get a definitive answer to this issue. Under IRS regulations because you are enjoying the advantages of pre-tax treatment for your share of your health insurance costs this advantage comes with some strings attached regarding the employee's ability to change their coverage outside of the group's normal open enrollment period. Essentially you have to have what is called a "Change of Life Status Event" to change your coverage status outside of open enrollment time. These are specific events such as marriage, divorce, adoption, losing coverage that you had elsewhere and a few other circumstances. Just getting mad at your 23 year old son who won't get off the couch and plays X-Box all day (while certainly a problem) does not meet the criteria of a change of life status event and you would not be able to drop them from your coverage until your group's next open enrollment.

How  Many  Life  Insurance  Policies  Can  One  Person  Have?
A person may have several life insurance policies and in most cases, it makes sense to have multiple policies in force. The number of policies is not the issue as much as the total face amount on the policies that matters. Each carrier has a scale of the total amount of life insurance a person may have based on their income and assets. For an example, a 30 year old male making $75,000 per year could qualify with several carriers up to 35 times income or have a total face amount of $2,625,000 in total life insurance policies. You may want a combination of permanent life insurance and a couple of different term life insurance policies to keep your premiums affordable and maximize your family's protection. I recommend using an experienced independent life insurance broker that can shop the market for the right combination of policies to cover your needs at the best possible price. That is very tough to do on our own.

What  Occupation  Makes  Car  Insurance  Cheaper?
Although many auto insurance companies inquire about occupation, the answer you give them does not affect the rates. They ask this question as more of a screening than anything else. They want to make sure you are not using the vehicle for commercial use (which would not be covered under a personal auto policy). For example, if you list your occupation as a delivery driver, they may ask you additional underwriting questions to make sure you are insuring the vehicle on the right type of policy (or at least make you aware of the fact that you're not covered while using the vehicle commercially). There are however, private insurance companies who only sell to certain groups (e.g. military personnel, teachers, govt. workers, etc) They can offer very low rates at times. But never have I seen the type of occupation affect rates with a public auto insurance company.

When  Should  I  Buy  Rental  Car  Insurance?
If you own a car and have your own auto insurance policy it still may make sense to carry the coverage that a rental car company offers. Most auto insurance companies will extend the liability and physical damage coverage to a car you rent. However, they usually will not cover "loss of use". Even though your insurance will normally fix the car, the rental company will bill you for the daily rental of that car until it's repaired and put back into service. Your auto insurance won't usually cover this cost. Think about it this way: if the car costs $30/day to rent and it takes 2 weeks to fix it and put it back in service, the rental car company will expect you to pay that $420 that it could have gotten if they had the car to rent. Their coverage will normally waive these costs. If you don't carry physical damage on your own car, then you also have no physical damage coverage on a rental car. So, if you don't have your own auto policy, or you don't have physical damage coverage on your policy, I would recommend taking the rental company's coverage. I would also recommend it if you don't want to run the risk of having to pay loss of use charges after an accident.

Does  Life  Insurance  Go  To  Probate?
In general terms, life insurance death benefit proceeds go direct to their beneficiaries, thus by passing the process of probate. If the life insurance policy owner is an irrevocable life insurance trust, then the proceeds are delivered to the trustee of the trust and distributed to the trust beneficiaries.

Can  You  Deduct  Medicare  Premiums  From  Taxes?
Medical expenses can only be deducted if they exceed 7.5% of your adjusted gross income (AGI). You are allowed to add Medicare premiums to out-of-pocket costs, which may put you over 7.5% of the AGI threshold and cause your total itemized deductions to exceed the standard deduction amount. Also, people who continue to run their own businesses after qualifying for Medicare can now deduct the premiums they pay for Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D and the cost of supplemental Medicare policies.

How  Much  Critical  Illness  Insurance  Should  I  Buy?
That all depends on what you are needing to cover. The maximum amount I know of is $500k. First, I would look at covering lost income while you are out. Second, what expenses would you like not to worry about like your mortgage, health insurance premium, credit card and automobile debt, unexpected or uncovered medical bills, are you going to need to fly in someone to watch the kids while you are at the hospital, etc. Then the tough part, after getting the quote for what you are thinking you need, look at the premium as it relates to your budget. Is this amount affordable? Adjust as necessary. AT least you will know where you stand and how you might need to preserve and spend the benefit.

What  Is  Uninsured  Loss  Recovery  On  Car  Insurance?
If there is an accident and one of the parties is uninsured, the insured drivers insurance would pay the claim under the uninsured motorist portion of their policy. The insurance company would then attempt to recover from the uninsured driver any loss paid by them that would normally have been paid by that persons insurance if that person would have had insurance.

Can  A  Married  Couple  Have  Separate  Auto  Insurance  Policies?
An insurance company insures an automobile. People own automobiles and insurance. In California, the auto policy covers every licensed driver in the household. If the husband and wife do not live together and an automobile is owned as separate property, that automobile could be insured separately from those of the spouse.

Does  Credit  Rating  Affect  Home  Insurance?
It can depending n the company. A persons credit rating has a direct correlation with claims, according to statistics. Many insurance companies run an insurance credit score. The better the score the greater the discount you may get. There are many factors involved in the insurance score, credit is just one of those factors.

What  To  Look  For  In  A  Home  Insurance  Policy?
You want to make certain that your home is covered for a dollar amount that would allow you to rebuild it should you experience a complete loss. Look at loss of use clauses - this typically provides money for you and your family's living expenses for up to a year or until your home is rebuilt after experiencing a complete loss. What coverages are provided and what exclusions are there. Are there specific coverages that you want? Please contact a local agent, they are best equipped to assist you getting your home properly protected. There are too many things to take into consideration when looking at coverage to explain here.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Storage  Areas?
Your renters insurance policy will typically provide ten percent of your policy amount to cover your personal items that are not directly within your premise. If you have fifteen thousand dollars of coverage then you would typically have fifteen hundred dollars of coverage for items outside your premise up to the coverage limits for indivual items as listed within the policy. Please read your policy completely to understand what coverage is offered and what exemptions there may be or contatct your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Will  Medicare  Pay  For  Breast  Reconstruction?
Medicare will pay for breast reconstruction to repair the breast after injury, to improve the function of the breast, or to reconstruct one of both breasts after a mastectomy. Medicare will also cover the post surgery brassiere. This applies to elective (prophylactic) mastectomy for those with strong genetic markers to get breast cancer, as well as those who had the mastectomy as treatment for breast cancer.

How  Long  Can  My  Child  Be  On  My  Auto  Insurance?
As long as your child is shown as a resident of your household they typically can remain under your auto insurance policy. To the best of my knowledge and experience there is no age limit for this provision under most carriers. Contact your local agent to discuss your carriers specific standards regarding the child remaining on your policy.

Does  Life  Insurance  Cover  Accidents?
Once a life insurance policy is in force and death occurs by any means except suicide during the contestable period, the claim will be paid. There are life insurance policies that are AD&D contracts that only pay claims from accidents.But most advisers recommend full coverage life insurance to cover any cause of death.

How  Do  I  Cancel  My  Gerber  Life  Insurance?
To cancel any life insurance policy you may call/mail as Peggy pointed out which you will probably have to fill out a form or write a statement of cancellation or especially if your paying monthly, you can stop making payments. Your policy will go into a Grace period of Lansing which shortly after your policy will be cancelled due to non payment. Be absolutely sure you want to cancel the insurance especially if your health is not good. You may have issues getting the insurance back.

How  To  Put  Someone  On  Your  Health  Insurance?
Your question did not make clear whether you were wanting to add a dependent to a group or an individual health insurance plan. However, if it is not the open enrollment period for your employer's group plan or you missed the recent individual plan open enrollment period, then you and/or your dependent will have to have experienced a "change of life status event" to qualify for being added to your coverage. While there are more, the most common examples are marriage, divorce, child birth andloss of coverage under another group or individual health insurance plan.Also, as a general rule, you have a 60-day window after the qualifying event to enroll an eligible dependent onto your coverage. If you are wanting to add a dependent to your employment based coverage your HR person, office manager or the company's insurance broker should be able to assist you with the addition of your dependent to your coverage. If you are seeking to add a new dependent to an individual health insurance policy that you have then you should contact your insurance agent or the insurance company's member services to unit (there should be a toll free telephone number on the back of you ID card) to get assistance in adding your new dependent. If you purchased coverage directly through HealthCare.gov, well,good luck, you are kind of on your own with a government bureaucracy to deal withon top of theinsurance carrier bureaucracy.

Does  Medicare  Cover  A  Nose  Job?
Medicare will cover a nose job when it is considered medically necessary - this is generally seen with things like corrective surgery due to a broken nose. If the nose job is only warranted for cosmetic purposes, you would be paying for the procedure out of pocket.

What  Are  Annuities  Paying  Today?
Annuity interest rates can change so always check your annuity brokerage company for the latest crediting, but as of mid-May 2013, the fixed rate for 5 years was just around 3% and indexed caps around 5%. The low interest rate environment is creating innovation with income riders that can pay on distribution up to 7%. Remember all these rates can change.

Can  My  Auto  Insurance  Company  Deny  My  Claim?
Your auto insurance company can deny your claim, although most claims tend to be approved. For example, if you fraudulently filed a claim, or attempted to recover damages on a vehicle that you did not drive or own, surely, the claim would be denied. If you pet was attempting to drive your vehicle and hit a stop sign, then don't expect a check from your insurer. When in doubt, an experienced broker can explain the entire claims process, how long it takes and what the likely outcome is going to be.

How  Does  A  Renters  Insurance  Deductible  Work?
The deductible on a renters policy only applies to the personal property. If you suffer a fire, for example and some or all of your belongings are damaged, the company will estimate the value of your lost property and pay you that amount minus the deductible.

Why  Do  I  Need  Medicare  Advantage  Plan?
Medicare Advantage Plans are more feature rich than original Medicare. First, there is no out of pocket maximum under original Medicare. Medicare Advantage Plans have a Maximum out of pocket, usually between $3500 and $7000, depending on the plan you choose. You also have copay's which help you plan out your health care expenses. Original Medicare pays 80% of the approved part B charges. Most Medicare Advantage Plans have Part D built into them, so you do not have to pay for a Prescription Drug Plan. Medicare Advantage Plan also provides extra benefits not covered by Medicare. The premium for a Medicare Advantage Plan can vary but there are still some $0 premium plans available that offer a great value.

What  Is  A  Deductible  For  Homeowners  Insurance?
The amounts listed on the property sections of a homeowners policy (A&B) are subject to a deductible. If there is a property loss the claim will be adjusted and paid based upon the value of the lost property minus the deductible. Another way to say this is that you are responsible for the deductible before the company will pay a claim. Deductibles reduce the cost of insurance by reducing the frequency of claims.

Which  Is  The  Best  Life  Insurance  Company  Ratings?
Every rating agency has their own ratings. With AM Best, A++ is their best rating. With Fitch, their highest rating is AAA. Moody's highest rating is Aaa. S&P's best life insurance company rating is AAA. Weiss's highest rating is A+. The companies with the best ratings will have high ratings from all these agencies.

How  To  Estimate  Personal  Property  Value  For  Renters  Insurance?
You can estimate your personal property value by simply itemizing each and every belonging you have in your house, condo or apartment. You should try to establish the cost new on each item, although there is no guarantee that you will receive that amount. Then discuss your figures with an experienced broker who can provide the best course of action.

How  To  Avoid  Auto  Insurance  Claims?
Let me add to this by pointing out something that may have escaped your attention. Buy insurance for the big events. Keep your deductibles as high as you comfortably can. Do not skimp on e Liability and Uninsured/Uninsured Motorist coverage. Those are exceedingly important. It cost a great deal more to repair people and their lives than fixing cars. If you have higher incident, keep in mind the deductible you have and perhaps you take care of the immediate issue your self. Perhaps you may even have an older vehicle for which it does not make economic sense to carry Comprehensive and Collision,. A good way to know is to look at the online appraisals you can do your self at www.edmunds.com If you are carrying a coverage that has very limited ability to useful, you might want to forego that coverage.

How  Quickly  Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance?
Small, not-so-cheap polices can be purchased on-line, or with a minimum of paperwork. The good news: no exam, no medical records review, and quick processing. The bad news: you will probably overpay. And you probably need a lot more coverage. Applications that require full underwriting can still me managed very efficiently, If your broker gets all the ducks in line, you can get coverage relatively soon... get the full amount you need... and pay as little as possible.

What  Is  The  Most  Popular  Medigap  Plan?
The most popular Medigap plan is Plan F because it's the most comprehensive and covers all of the benefits at 100% from day 1. Plan G is the second most popular plan because it's identical to plan F except it doesn't cover the Medicare Part B deductible ($147 in 2014), but the premiums are typically much lower than plan F. So how do you decide between the two? It comes down to price. Since Medigap policies are standardized (meaning a plan F from company A is the exact same plan F from company B), the only difference between the coverages is the price you pay for them. With the only difference between plans F and G, if the annualized premiums total more than a difference of $147, then plan G offers you the better deal - if the total is less than $147, then plan F is the better deal. In order to determine what plan is best for you, I would need to know more about you such as your age, gender, any tobacco usage, married or single (determines availability of a household discount on rates), medical history (if outside open enrollment period), and other factors to provide accurate figures and suggest a proper course of action that best serves your needs. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me if you have any questions, including quote requests, plan comparisons. Thanks very much.

Can  You  Get  Car  Insurance  After  An  Accident?
Absolutely, but you are going to have to pay for it. You can always get insurance after an accident, but be aware that it will effect your premium. Even if we assume that the accident was not your fault, many insurance companies will view it as a ding against you being a profitable risk. So, in order to turn you into a profitable risk they will charge you more for your premium. My best advice is to shop around because some insurance companies will not want to insure you, which will be made evident by monthly premiums being upwards of $300. I hope this information helps.

What  Should  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover?
It is always a good idea to talk with your Insurance Professional about the particular coverage and benefits of your policy, but in a nut shell, a Homeowners' policy provides coverage on your Home (dwelling) personal property and also provides Liability protection in the even you are held legally liable for injury or property damage. The Dwelling and personal property coverage should include a replacement cost settlement benefit and you should ask about any and all discount opportunities.

Can  Old  People  Get  Life  Insurance?
Yes, elderly people can get life insurance. If they have moderately good health, it is possible to purchase life insurance up to age 90. For a small, final expense policy that does not require an exam, the oldest age at which that type of policy is offered (to my knowledge) is age 85.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Vehicle  Theft?
Renters insurance does not cover vehicle theft. Vehicle theft would be covered under your auto insurance policy provided you carry comprehensive coverage on your auto policy. However, if you have a renters insurance policy and some of your personal items were in the vehicle that was stolen they may be covered by your renters policy as long as the items are personal items and not part of the vehicle.

What  Is  An  Irs  Qualifying  Event  For  Health  Insurance?
There are many IRS qualifying events that allow you to apply for health insurance after Open Enrollment has expired. You will be eligible for federal subsidies and pre-existing conditions will be covered under this "special" enrollment period (SEP). As a health insurance broker with more than 33 years of experience, this topic is very routinely discussed with consumers on a regular basis. Some of the most common "events" include: 1. Exceptional circumstances (such as natural disasters and medical emergencies) near the deadline 2. Getting married (legally) 3. COBRA expiration 4. Moving to a new location outside the provider network 5. Birth or adoption 6. Citizenship change 7. Losing existing health benefits 8. Turning age 26 and/or no longer covered on parents policy 9. Misinformation, misrepresentation, or inaction on the part of entities providing formal enrollment assistance 10. Enrollment errors due to technical issues 11. System errors related to immigration status 12. Display errors on marketplace websites 13. Getting released from jail 14. Misinformation about availability of premium tax credits for victims of domestic abuse who are married but not filing a joint tax return

Does  Term  Life  Insurance  Have  Any  Cash  Value?
Term life insurance does not have any cash value. However, on some term policies, you can add a rider that could return all of your premium. By adding what is called a "Return of Premium" rider, if you outlive the term of your policy you will get your entire premium returned. A Return of Premium policy costs considerably more but if you outlive the policy, you get your premium back and you had the death benefit for the duration of the policy.

Why  Do  I  Need  Long  Term  Disability  Insurance?
You need long term disability insurance if your loss of income would cause devastation for you or your family. Becoming disabled for a long period of time (months to years) is not uncommon, and most people rely on their full paycheck to live their current lifestyle. Disability Insurance does not replace the full paycheck, but it provides enough to get most people by until they are back to work without having to lose their home or other great hardship.

How  To  Get  Money  Out  Of  Your  Retirement  Plan?
The laws around retirement plans can be complex and will have tax consequences, so I suggest that you consult with your professional advisors before you take any action. Getting money out of your retirement plan could be as simple as requesting a total or partial withdrawal or it may not be permitted at all until you reach a specific age. Unfortunately, unless the details of the specific plan are know, it is impossible to say. If you would like to work with a local Retirement Planner, you could start with a Google search. For example if you search for: retirement planner Halifax or retirement planning Halifax, my name along with several others will come up. You can use the same method to find Retirement Planners in your community. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Is  A  Pension  Plan  A  401K?
A traditional pension plan of the past was generally a defined benefit plan that distributed a fixed payment until the death of the pensioner. A 401(k) is a defined contribution plan under ERISA, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, with distributions based on the performance of the portfolio. In 2013tThe 401(k) plan contributions can be as high as $17,500.

What  Is  A  J  Code  In  Medicare?
A J code in Medicare is a code used to identify injectable drugs for purposes of billing. The type of injections for which these drugs can be used are intramuscular, subcutaneous, or IV. J codes are also used to designate the generic name and dosage of oral immunosuppressive drugs for billing purposes.

Can  I  Have  Out  Of  State  Car  Insurance  In  Louisiana?
You can keep your current insurance company coverage until the next renewal date of your insurance policy. Try to renew with the same insurance carrier as they often do not do a underwriting background check since you are already a customer. I do recommend that consult with your new agent and do not let them advise of less that 100,000 bi or pd or um or umi coverages. A good recommendation is to take out a accident policy on the family they just a few dollars a month and you are covered for not just auto accidents for your bodily expenses.

Why  Is  Disability  Insurance  More  For  Women?
Disability insurance costs more for women because women make more and longer claims on their policies than men do, on average. Complications from pregnancy and childbirth account for some of the difference between men and women in claims made on long term disability. Normal pregnancy accounts for some of the difference in number of claims made for short term disability.

How  To  Save  On  Home  Insurance?
The best way to save on your home insurance premiums is to carry as high a deductible as you can afford. Also in most cases carrying auto insurance with the same company as your homeowners insurance will generally get you a better rate. Also things to consider are protective devices such as a central station alarm and upgrades to your home such as roof, electrical, heating and air and plumbing can all potentially come into play.

What  Is  The  Insurance  Value  Of  A  Totaled  Car?
If you are in an automobile accident and the cost to repair your vehicle meets or exceeds a certain percentage of the vehicle's value, your insurance carrier will declare the vehicle a total loss. When an insurance carrier declares a vehicle a total loss, your carrier is supposed to pay the insured what the vehicle was worth at the time of the accident, less any applicable deductibles. An insurance carrier will utilize one or more sources when trying to determine the value of a totaled vehicle. State insurance regulations mandate how an insurance company settles total loss claims.

Which  Companies  Offer  Renters  Insurance?
Almost all of the insurance carriers that offer homeowners insurance offer renters insurance. I would suggest finding yourself a local agent that you feel comfortable working with as they will be your point of contact in many instances if you should have a question about coverage or a problem with billing or claims.

How  To  Start  A  Life  Insurance  Business?
This is a pretty big and a bit vague. I will assume you are talking about becoming an agent or broker marketing life insurance. When I have brokers who connect to me from just passing their licensing exams, the only focus is how to begin marketing. Let's face it, if you have no one to market to, then you are out of business before you start. Many agencies will talk to you about what I refer to as your Project 100. This is all the people you personally have connections to such as your family (parents, brothers, sisters, aunts, uncles, grandparents and on and on), then your doctor, dentist, neighbors and on and on. These people are good to perhaps get some practicing in but what happens after you talk to all of them? Many agents end up leaving this profession after they have exhausted your Project 100 because you have not learned how to market to others. What niche are you going to focus on, etc. Put together a business plan, find a mentor who can help you with objections, marketing ideas, advanced sales which life insurance can be used for and identify your market. Now you are off to a good start. I hope this is what you are looking for with your question.

What  Happens  If  I  Drive  A  Car  Without  Insurance?
In Montana you are required to have at least 25,000/50,000/10,000 liability limits unless you can self insure. The average fine for the 1st offence is $285 then it increases from there. You can loose your license and also face jail time after so many violation. Insurance is there to protect you and others in the event of an accident to cover medical bills and the loss of damage to others Property. Medical payments on an auto policy is for you also in case you are hurt or die in your accident it helps cover the funeral expense. Insurance rates can be as little as $30 a month which is less then a no insurance ticket and it protects you and your assets.

Does  My  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Moving  Van?
Auto insurance covers the driver first, the vehicle second so yes, you would be covered if your rent a van and are in an at fault accident. The company renting the van will carry coverage on the van itself and you may be responsible if you do any damage to the van as specified in the contract you sign.

What  Are  The  Costs  Of  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
The costs of long term care insurance vary according to the region you live in, your age, your health, whether you use tobacco, the elimination period you choose, the length of coverage (or total dollar amount) you choose, the features of the policy, and other factors. Therefore, to find the cost of long term care insurance for you, it is best to contact a broker who can guide you through all the choices and help you select the one that best fits your budget and needs.

Does  Private  Health  Insurance  Cover  CT  Scans?
As a general rule health insurance does cover CT scans. It may be listed under your "xray section" of the policy. If your membership card has a customer service phone number you should be able to call the company and givee all your policy information and the details of the scan and they can tell you what is covered

I  Don't  Have  Car  Insurance  Can  I  Rent  A  Car?
Great question! Most car rental agencies will offer their own coverage, as long as you have a valid drivers license, and a clean record. It is typically fairly pricey compared to what your individual coverage might cost, but it's an option. Your best bet would be to ask before attempting to rent, and find out what they require. If you've been dropped by your insurance company for some reason, it may make it tougher for you. If you have more questions, please contact me, I'd be happy to help. Thanks for asking!

How  Does  Life  Insurance  Check  For  Nicotine?
Life insurance companies can check for nicotine in several ways: 1. Ask about it on the application 2. Ask about it in a phone interview 3. Check medical records 4. Test urine samples 5. Test blood samples Different types of policies and companies will use different methods to determine whether there is current and past tobacco use.

Does  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Moving  Trucks?
Another thing to consider when you are renting a vehicle from a company is that if you are involved in an accident with that vehicle regardless of fault you may be held financially responsible for any repairs, loss of use, and other administrative fees designated by the rental contract. To protect yourself properly when renting a vehicle consider purchasing the coverage that is offered to prevent putting you and your family at financial risk in the event of an accident.

How  Much  Does  Adt  Save  On  Homeowners  Insurance?
It would be best that you check with your Insurance Professional about the specific discounts available on your policy. In general, it appears that a monitored alarm system will typically qualify you for a discount in the neighborhood of about 10% on your Homeowners' Insurance policy. Discounts may vary by company and state of course.

What  Is  The  Difference  Between  A  Home  Warranty  And  Home  Insurance?
There is no similarity between Home Warranty and Home Insurance except the word 'Home'! The purpose of a Home Warranty contract is for a homeowner to enjoy a warranty for covered appliances in the home; the warranty provides assurance that covered appliances will be repaired or replaced. There are usually options available; for instance, an Air Conditioning Unit orSwimming Pool Equipment may be available as an additional endorsement. Home Insurance on the other hand is necessary to provide the sudden and accidental loss to the dwelling from covered perils namely Fire, Lightning, Hail, Wind etc.... Home Insurance does not provide the warranty of home appliances from break down or normal wear and tear. For example, in the disastrous event of a house fire, the homeowners insurance will provide coverage to rebuild the home and replace appliances that were damaged in the fire. This example is simply meant to aid the understanding of the difference between a home warranty and a home insurance policy; none of the above will supersede a consumer contract issued by an insurance carrier or home warranty company.

What  Does  Life  Insurance  Do?
Life insurance pays a specified amount of benefits to an individual or individuals known as beneficiaries upon the death of a person, known as the insured. Typically, these benefits are used to pay final expenses of the deceased and any other unpaid bills (i.e. mortgage, auto loans, etc.) that they might have incurred during their life. There are different kinds of life insurance coverage. Some life insurance can be in force for a specified amount of time and then expire. Other kinds can build cash value, allow the policyowner to take out a loan against the policy or it can even become paid up and you'll have it for the rest of your life and never have to make payments on it ever again. Premiums are the amount you'll pay per month to have the coverage. This amount will vary based on the type of coverage you want, the amount of the benefit, the age of the insured, occupation, hobbies and so on. Term life coverage usually offers the lowest premuim. It provides coverage for a specified amount of time, usually 10 to 30 years and then it expires if the insured is still alive. If the insured does pass away during the coverage period, then benefits are paid to the beneficiary. Other coverages like whole life and universal insurance are generally more expensive, but depending on your long term goals, it may be a better option for you.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Vasectomy  Reversal?
As a general rule, no. A health insurance policy does not cover reversal of a vasectomy. Likewise for "untying" a female's tubes (reversing tubal ligation). Both are elective procedures. Only treatment deemed medically necessary is a covered expense item under a health insurance policy. This is true for individual plans as well as employer group plans.

How  Do  I  Find  Out  Who  My  Homeowners  Insurance  Is  With?
You can find out who your homeowner's insurance is with by looking at the declarations page which will list your coverage, mortgage company and the insurer. If you can't find the declaration's page, contact your mortgage company since they will likely have a record of it. If that fails, start calling different insurers!

Does  Medicare  Cover  Lymphedema  Sleeves?
In a ruling on Feb 20, 2008, lymphedema sleeves and lymphedema compression garments were found to meet Medicare's definition as a medically necessary prosthetic device, and as such, are covered under Medicare. However, the ruling was not a precedent and the CMS has not changed their code in the HSPCS.

How  Long  Is  The  Accumulation  Period  For  Immediate  Annuities?
Typically there is no accumulation period for an immediate annuity as they begin paying income immediately. Some immediate annuities require the owner/annuitant to wait 30 days before income commences, but there is no accumulation of cash during this period. Deferred annuities would have an accumulation period, and this accumulation period can last almost indefinitely. Most deferred annuities have an accumulation period that lasts until the owner/annuitants age 95.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  If  I'm  Overweight?
Yes, most people can get some type of life insurance policy if overweight, even if you are morbidly obese (don't you hate that label). There are a handful of companies that will provide first day coverage (no graded period) without any weight requirement at all. Most policies that disregard weight will have a graded period, where the death benefit paid during the first couple of years would be reduced for death due to natural causes. Some simplified issue polices (no exam needed) have very liberal weight charts. These can be a good choice, especially if you have not had your blood tested for a while. There are also some fully underwritten policies that have much more lenient weight charts than others. If you are applying for a large policy, certain companies can save you thousands of dollars. Be sure to contact an impaired risk or overweight life insurance expert for your life insurance if you are significantly overweight. Not only do you need a variety of choices, you need the experience of someone who knows how to maneuver the factors involved: weight changes over the past year, health conditions that can be associated with build, etc.

How  To  Find  If  Someone  Has  Life  Insurance?
Are you looking to see if a close relative had insurance before they passed? You will find that because of the HIPPA and Patriot Act privacy rules will not allow agents or companies to pass out much information, without that person's permission. If you contact me through my link, I may be able to provide you with more help, depending on what your reason for seeking this information.

How  Do  You  Get  Health  Insurance  In  Missouri  With  Pre-Existing  Conditions?
Missouri has the Missouri Risk Pool health insurance for Missouri residents who have pre-existing conditions. It is offered by the state of Missouri to those who have been terminated from their life insurance against their will, or are paying more than 150% of Standard rates for that same policy.

Does  Medicare  Pay  For  Euflexxa?
Medicare will pay for Euflexxa injections for the knee only. As with all treatments, it must be determined to be medically necessary to be covered by Medicare. Evidence of osteoarthritis of the knee is required by X-ray in order for Medicare to cover hyaluronan injections, of which Euflexxa is one.

Can  I  Add  A  Friend  To  My  Auto  Insurance?
If your friend drives your car on a regular basis then you might want to consider adding him as a named driver. Be careful though. His driving record will effect your insurance rates. So if he has a bad driving record you are better off having him get his own coverage before letting him drive your car.

Does  Allstate  Offer  Home  Insurance  In  Nebraska?
Allstate does offer Home insurance in the State of Nebraska. They are a good company but do not be afraid to look at other companies. There are many that offer in this state you want to shop and find which one fits your needs and your price point. Have a nice weekend

Is  A  Life  Insurance  Plan  An  Erisa  Plan?
Life insurance is not an ERISA plan. However, life insurance purchased in a pension plan has ERISA implications. ERISA is a federal law which dates back to 1974 that sets minimum standards for retirement plans in the private sector. The protections provided to plan participants are extensive. To the extent that retirement plans utilize life insurance and related products as plan assets, the standards and protections can indirectly apply to such products. For example, there are specific rules for qualified retirement plans which place limits on life insurance as a plan asset.

How  Much  Is  Life  Insurance?
Life insurance costs can be extremely different from one person to another. The biggest impact is the age you are being insured TO. For that reason, If you are age 40 and buying 30 year Term life insurance, your premium could be higher than a 50 year old person of the same health who is buying a 10 year Term policy. Of course, your health, tobacco usage, gender, and other factors enter into what premium you will pay, as well. You can review quotes for someone of your age and other factors by visiting a website with instant, free life insurance quotes.

How  Much  Will  My  Retirement  Plan  Be  Worth?
It is impossible to calculate the future value of any retirement account without the variables that are required and even then it would only be an estimate. Here are just some of those variables: age, annual contribution, years of annual contribution, assumed rate of return, qualified plan or non-qualified plan. One thing is for sure, the procrastination of not contributing to your retirement plan will cost you dearly.

How  Are  Fixed  Annuities  Guaranteed?
A non-qualified, tax deferred fixed rate annuity is only as guaranteed as the contract provisions outline and is only as good as the annuity insurance company that issued the contract. That being said, many financial stable annuity insurance companies offer a non-qualified tax deferred fixed rate annuities, generally at 5, 7 and 10 year periods.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Above  Ground  Pools?
I am not quite sure what you are asking here, so I will try and answer two questions. First, renters insurance will not cover any direct physical damage to an above ground pool caused by the common perils. Second, it will cover physical damage to the pool caused by your negligence. An example of this could be you leave numerous pressurized containers in your rented space, which, due to the summer heat, explode and damage the pool. So, no all perils damage, but you can get coverage for your negligence.

How  Does  Guaranteed  Life  Insurance  Work?
Guaranteed Life Insurance is coverage that has no medical requirements. The only thing restricting some people from getting it is age (most policies have a minimum age requirement of 40 to 50, and maximum age of about 80). Also, policies are only available in the states in which they are approved. Guaranteed Life Insurance has a graded period that varies from company to company. Graded periods are commonly 2 or 3 years long. During the first 2 or 3 years of the policy, if death would occur due to natural causes, a percent of the face amount is paid, or all the premiums are paid back with an additional percent added. During the graded period, accidental death usually pays 100%. After the graded period, the policy pays 100% for death by any reason.

Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Leaking  Toilet?
There's nothing worse than a leaking toilet. Oh. Yes there is. When your homeowner's insurance doesn't cover it. Unfortunately, a leaking toilet is usually a maintenance issue due to wear and tear or a malfunction. Therefore, it is not covered on a typical homeowner's policy. Hopefully, you know a cheap reliable plumber.

What  Is  A  Joint  Roth  IRA?
Even though you are married, you cannot have a joint Roth IRA. Each of you can each contribute up to the annual limit to your own individual Roth IRAs. This allows a couple to set aside twice as much per year as they otherwise would have been able to save individually.

What  Are  The  Pros  And  Cons  Of  Variable  Life  Insurance?
Very simply, Variable products are tied to the stock market and thus are exposed to risk. Just as is the case when a person invests in the stock market or any other vehicles tied to the market there is the chance that there may be gains, and there is the possibility that there will be losses. The biggest "pro" is that the death benefit is guaranteed and will not be lost no matter how poorly the market performs.

How  Do  I  Switch  Home  Insurance  Companies?
When you switch coverages on a homeowners policy it must be done carefully. Ideally you would apply for coverage with the new insurance company. When the policy is issued the date of that policy becomes the controlling date. Send the policy to your lender and a copy to your previous insurer. In the letter to your previous insurance company ask that the existing policy be cancelled at the same time as the new one assumes coverage. Companies will often supply a notification form. Since many of the homeowners policies are paid by the lender it is important that this be carefully coordinated.

I  Just  Lost  My  Job,  Which  Provided  Health  Insurance  For  Me.  What  Can  I  Do  Now?
You have the right to extend your work coverage through the COBRA provision. Catch is you must pay the entire premium as the portion your employer paid went away when your job did. There are ways to get individual policies to provide short term coverage until you find a new job. In some states you may qualify for state sponsored health insurance for those who are unable to get insurance otherwise. Look around at your options. If you are in CA feel free to contact me.

Can  I  Go  On  Medicare  At  Age  62?
You can only go on Medicare at age 62 if: 1) you have been receiving Social Security Disability Income (SSDI) benefits for two years, or 2) if you have been diagnosed with End Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) and meet the other qualifying criteria, or 3) you have been diagnosed with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS). Otherwise, you must wait until you are age 65 to go on Medicare.

Can  You  Get  Life  Insurance  On  Another  Person?
Yes, you can get life insurance on another person. It is not a requirement that life insurance be just taken out on yourself. As Steve said, you must have an insurable interest in the other person. When you get life insurance on another person, you can be the owner, payer, and/or beneficiary of that policy. Usually, but not always, the people who pay the premium also want to own the policy, because the owner can change the beneficiary.

Can  Auto  Insurance  Be  A  Tax  Deduction?
Insurance for a car that is driven for personal reasons cannot be deducted. If the car is used for business purposes a portion of the premium can be deducted. It is possible that other situations exist such as a car used for charitable purposes but in general, the premium is not deductible.

What  Does  Term  Life  Insurance  Mean?
Term life insurance provides inexpensive coverage for a specified number of years. During this time, typically, the rate and face amount of coverage are guaranteed not to increase. When this period of time is over (usually 10, 15, 20 or 30 years), you can re-apply for a new policy at your current age. Sometimes you can renew the policy at a guaranteed rate that is very high.

Which  Employer  Has  The  Best  Retirement  Plan?
There are many employer sponsored defined contribution plans available for companies to choose. But from the point of view of the employee, 401(k) plans with employer matching contributions to 6% of your salary base is excellent. When considering a job, consider the employer match, it's free money and can make a difference later in retirement.

What  Kind  Of  Renters  Insurance  Should  I  Get?
I am not certain what your intent of the word "kind" is. In my experience there is only one type of renters insurance policy and then there are additional endorsements and coverage levels available for the policy. A carrier may create a package of specific coverage levels and endorsements and give that a name but the same coverage would more than likely be available through another carrier just not sold as a package.

Who  Can  Perform  A  Medicare  Annual  Wellness  Visit?
A Medicare annual wellness visit can be performed by a physician (doctor of medicine or osteopathy), physician assistant, nurse practitioner, clinical nurse specialist, or other medical professional such as a registered dietitian. When performed by one of those professionals, the annual wellness visit will be paid by Medicare Part B.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  A/C  Units?
It will if it is stolen in most cases but not maintenance or breakdowns. You need a home warranty policy for that and also always remember that we are responsible for maintaining all equipment in our homes. Cut back tree limbs, maintain plumbing such as toilets when they keep running or faucets that drip. If this is not taken care of and an incident occurs you could be denied a claim if you knew about it and did not repair it before it caused the damage

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Stolen  Bicycles?
Bicycles are personal property. As such they are covered under your homeowners policy. Your homeowners policy has a deductible. That deductible might exceed the value of the bicycle. Often homeowners policies have earned a discount for being claims free. Sometimes losing that discount is a major issue. Contact your agent prior to submitting a claim.

When  Are  Medicare  Enrollment  Periods?
When you first qualify for Medicare you have an initial enrollment period of three months before, the month of and three months after you are are eligible for Medicare. If you are in a Medicare Advantage Plan or a Part D prescription drug plan you may change plans every year during the Open Enrollment period from October 15th thru December 7th. There are also special election periods, such as leaving an employer plan, moving out of a service area, or other special situations allowed by Medicare.

Can  You  Pay  Car  Insurance  By  Credit  Card?
That is up to the discretion of your insurance carrier. There are some carriers that will accept a credit card as a payment method. Many carriers will only accept; automatic bank draft, cash, or bank debit card to pay your insurance premium. Contact your local agent to find out the payment forms that your carrier will accept.

How  Can  You  Find  Out  If  Someone  Has  Car  Insurance?
Without being involved in an accident with the person that you are attempting to find out about; your only legal option would be to ask them. I am not aware of any service or data base out there that will provide you with that information. Due to privacy laws the insurance carrier and agent are only allowed to release that information to a select number of authorized persons and businesses.

How  To  Get  Out  Of  A  Fixed  Annuity?
Generally, when you buy an annuity you're going to keep it for the life of the contract. Annuities can be cancelled early, but you will likely have surrender charges and certain tax implications involved if you do. What kind of annuity you have may have different penalties for surrendering the annuity early. If you surrender the annuity before 59 1/2, I believe you may/can face a 10% federal tax penalty on the value of the annuity. You should definitely talk it over with your annuity agent before making any decisions so you know what may happen if you surrender the annuity early. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help or if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  A  Tree  Falling  On  Your  Car?
There a few options for coverage for this. 1st the person who owns the building that you are renting from it should cover damage to your auto 1st . But if you have to fight with them there is another option. If you have comprehensive coverage on your car then you could claim it on your auto policy and get it covered minus your deductible How ever you auto carrier may deny the claim or they will try and get the money from your landlords home policy . Either way you should be able to get your car repaired.

How  Much  Home  Insurance  Do  I  Really  Need?
That is a great question! Your question is a really good one, as it really speaks to the balance of affordability and adequately covered. Your insurer will have a program that estimates the value of your belongings. If you own an expensive collection, or have high end electronics or jewelry, that value may not be covered. Take some time and research what the value of those items are, if that is the case for you. Find out what it would cost to replace it, or if you have the receipts, what you paid. Contact some local builders, and find out what it would cost to build a home like yours Do not include the cost of the land, unless it's landscaped, or forested). Compare those amounts with what you have for your coverage. If the opposite is true, and you haven't got a lot of stuff, go low, and increase your coverage as you add to your belongings. I hope that helps - thanks for asking!

What  Dog  Breeds  Are  Excluded  On  Home  Insurance?
There are three levels to consider. If there is a dog with a history of biting, regardless of breed, that dog is probably excluded from coverage. If there are dogs at the residence that are pit bulls, wolf mixes, Doberman Pinchers, and Chows they are probably excluded. All other dogs have limited coverage. That means that in the case of a dog bite the normal limits of the policy do not apply. Check the back of your homeowners policy to see if there is an endorsement about pets or dogs.

How  To  Get  Homeowners  Insurance  After  Being  Dropped?
Insurance companies cancel homeowners policies under very strict conditions. If your coverage was cancelled there is probably something about the property that needs immediate attention. When the fault is corrected there will be insurance companies interested in the policy. If the condition is so severe that it cannot be repaired, such as erosion near the property line or a massive sink hole, there will still be companies that will provide coverage. You need to contact a property insurance broker who handles impaired risks.

Does  Medicare  Have  To  Be  Primary?
Medicare sets the rules on who pays first (who is primary) so you really don't get a choice. If you are covered under an employer group health insurance plan, and the company has fewer than 20 employees, then Medicare is primary, your group health plan is secondary. But if there are 20+ employees the group plan is primary.

What  Is  A  Good  Affordable  Car  Insurance?
Independent insurance agencies in your area will get you comparison quotes, usually from some of the strongest carriers doing business locally. If you are an AAA Auto Club member, they would like to talk to you about your auto insurance needs. For those with military backgrounds and direct connections, USAA is viable along with several other Armed Forces sources for insurance. A simple search will provide contacts for these and many other options for auto insurance to fit your specific financial and coverage needs.

How  Long  Does  Auto  Insurance  Have  To  Pay  A  Claim?
While all insurance companies strive to pay in a timely manner there are several factors that can drag out payment. First would bedeterminingliability or who is at fault. If both insurance companies are defending their own insured this maydelaypaying out to the other party although your own insurance company should pay outminusyour deductible for physical damage regardless of fault if you carry physicaldamagecoverage for your ownvehicle If the issue is bodily injury payouts can me much slower if the injured party does not wish to settle. This can drag out payments for medical bills and futuremedicalrelated issues for some time. I have seen these go for yearsunfortunately.

How  Often  Do  You  Pay  Insurance  For  A  Car?
A typical auto insurance policy term is either six months or one year. Many carriers offer several payment options for their clients. Payment terms may include monthly, quarterly, semi-annually, or annually in many cases. Be aware that carriers will many times offer discounts if you pay your premium electronically (through automatic bank draft) or by paying for the full term of the policy upfront. Contact your local agent to find out about the payment terms available with your current carrier.

What  Is  A  Medicare  Physical?
As of 2011, Medicare started covering an initial "Welcome to Medicare" exam and annual "Wellness" exams. Neither of these require the patient to undress and do not include a full physical exam from head to toe. Sometimes an EKG or scan for abdominal aortic aneurysm done at these exams will be covered by Medicare. A "Preventative" exam is most like what is normally considered to be a physical. Medicare does not pay for preventative exams.

When  Does  A  Health  Insurance  Policy  Become  Effective?
A health insurance policy can be issued with a temporary receipt for first months premium and unless the company refuses to accept the risk you were covered from the time you paid the first premium. It can also be issued where you sign a bankdraft and with the understanding the insurance company is going to draft your checking account each month the policy will become effective on the first of the month following completion of the application. In the case of Medicare Advantage the policy may have a zero premium and the agent simply sends in your application and the policy becomes effective on 1/1/2014.

Is  Globe  Life  Insurance  Reputable?
Whether it is Globe or another of the thousands of insurance companies, they are regulated by the state in which they are organized and by your state. Your state insurance commissioner regulates the companies to make sure they have sufficient money to pay their claims and that they are not mistreating you, the customer. I cannot say whether Globe is the company you will want to do business with but I think if your trusted insurance agent recommends them, you can probably be assured that they will follow through on the promises that they make.

Can  I  Change  My  Car  Insurance  Anytime?
Yes, you can change at any time. If you have already paid your premium the company will have to refund any unearned premium. Some companies may short rate you however, meaning you may not get the full amount you are expecting. This amount is usually small and not all companies do this.

What  Are  The  Rules  Of  A  Roth  IRA?
There are several rules that determine your eligibility to open a Roth IRA. 1) You must first have an income. Did you have earned income in the current tax year? 2) If you earned income, did your income exceed the limits set by the federal government? This income limit changes every year and is depends on your marital status and tax filing status to determine the maximum income. You qualify for a Roth IRA based upon your Modified Adjusted Gross Income (MAGI). 3) You cannot contribute more into a Roth IRA than you earned in income. For example, if you earned $5,000 for 2014, that is your maximum contribution. 4) The contribution limit in 2014 was $5,500 maximum. 5) There is no maximum age where you are limited or prohibited from making a contribution to a Roth IRA. 6) You are not required to take a mandatory distribution at age 70.5 like qualified IRA's. 7) You can contribute to a Roth IRA even if you participate in a retirement plan at work. Depending on circumstances there may be other rules but this gives you a few ideas.

Who  Is  The  Best  Disability  Insurance  Company?
There are a lot of good companies that sell Disability Insurance. However, the best one for one person is not necessarily the best one for another. Some are better for certain occupations, such as doctors or high risk workers. Others are better for persons with certain health conditions. Some are better for group policies, while others have honed in on the private Disability Insurance market. To find the best Disability Insurance Company for your profile, you can contact a broker (such as we are) and have us go through your occupation and health information. We will then sift through all the options to find the best one for you.

What  Is  Coverage  A  In  Home  Insurance?
"Coverage A" in a Homeowners' policy refers tocoverage on your Dwelling,in other words,the house itself.Typically, you will find this defined and explained in Section 1of your Homeowners "Policy Jacket" which is the detailed document that, along with your policy "Declaration" comprise the primary parts of your Homeowners' policy.

Where  To  Get  Homeowners  Insurance?
Homeowners insurance is available through the internet, through direct writers who use call centers or through agents. The difference is the degree of communication you want to have. The agent will be the most personal while the internet will be the least. My suggestion is to ask your colleagues, friends and neighbors and find out who they trust. In the end a trusted counsellor may be the most important part of the homeowners insurance decision.

When  Does  An  Insurance  Company  Decide  To  Total  A  Car?
An insurance company will total a car out once the amount of damage reaches a percentage of the vehicle's market value. Usually this is around 75%. So for example, if you total a vehicle that is worth $8000, claims adjusters will consider a total when the damage approaches or exceeds $6000.

How  To  Choose  A  Medigap  Plan?
Medigap plans are fairly straighforward as they have standardized benefits (e.g. meaning a medigap plan F from company ABC is the same exact plan F from company XYZ). You can see the chart illustration of benefits in the Medigap guidebook on page 11 (free copies are available on the Medicare.gov website - I can e-mail a copy to you upon request as well). Some of the big advantages of Medigap plans are that there are no networks (you can go to any doctor or hospital that accepts Medicare) and the policy is guaranteed renewable. Most people buying a Medigap plan will purchase a plan F or plan G as they create the most predictable healthcare expense structures. Plan F offers the most comprehensive coverage - it covers all Medigap benefits at 100% from day 1. The advantage of this plan is that it creates a very predictable healthcare expense structure (for the most part, you're writing a check for your premium and you're done - you won't get hit with big bills for any Medicare-approved charge). Plan G is the second most comprehensive plan available - it's identical to plan F except you would be responsible for the Medicare Part B deductible ($147 in 2014). The advantage of a plan G is that in many areas the savings in premium per year are greater than the cost of the deductible. For example, if the difference in premium is $30 per month - you're saving $360 per year by taking on a risk of $147. The big factor to look at when comparing companies is the price of the plan you select. Remember - a plan F from one company is the same exact plan F from another (in short, why pay extra for the same coverage). I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your Medigap coverage and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Is  Long  Term  Health  Care  Insurance  Worth  It?
Long term care insurance protects extended care risk of assisted living and nursing home care. The average married couple spends $250,000 during retirement on medical expenses and extended care. The odds are that you'll live longer than the preceding generation. If that's true you need extended care even longer.

Does  Adderall  Affect  Life  Insurance?
It could, but probably will not affect your Life Insurance Rates. It depends on the dosage, and what the underlying condition is that it is being prescribed for. As long as it is a low to moderate dose for something such as basic "attention deficit" it should not affect rates very much, if at all.

Why  Should  I  Get  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
You should seriously consider long term care insurance (LTCi) if youre proceeding generation has critical care history based on family illness. At the other end of the spectrum, your family may have a disposition for longevity, which could result in extended care needs. But for everyone, who is planning for retirement, long term care insurance is a defensive planning strategy to protect assets from medical bills and extended care. The average married couple will spend $250,000 on medical bills and extended care.

How  Bad  Are  Variable  Annuities?
Products in and of themselves are not bad. That being said, some variable annuities may not be a value proposition for the consumer. Consumers with a high tax bracket and a risk tolerance for market investments may find the tax deferral feature an attractive opportunity. The issue with variable annuities is the policy expenses.

What  Is  Business  Owned  Life  Insurance?
Business owned life insurance is insurance owned by the business usually on the lives of shareholders or key employees. Business life insurance can be used for a variety of purposes, including the funding of a buy-sell agreement, key person protection, covering a loan and more. Cash value life insurance is often used as part of an executive compensation plan to supplement retirement. In Canada, the death benefit is received by the company tax free, a portion of which can be paid out as a tax free capital dividend to shareholders (a simple explanation of a complex issue). This provides some estate planning opportunities. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me. If you would like to work with a local life insurance broker, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: life insurance broker Halifax or life insurance agent Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find a life insurance broker in your community.

Who  Cannot  Get  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Unfortunately, persons who have a high risk of having the need to collect on long term care benefits may be unable to get long term care insurance. E.g. If they have already had a stroke, or have had an amputation due to diabetes, have Alzheimers, or have MS, they probably cannot get long term care insurance.

What  Is  Blue  Cross  Blue  Shield  Health  Insurance?
Great Question. Blue Cross Blue Shield Health insurance for Health insurance. The time you get sick you can use that type of insurance to seek medical advice. Most people have medical insurance if not the state plan might cover them if they fall under certain conditions. Check with your local broker for detail.

Can  The  United  States  Government  Force  You  To  Buy  Health  Insurance?
Yes and no. While they can not force you to buy insurance, with the Affordable Care Act, they can make you pay an additional tax if you choose not to have health coverage. This tax is supposed to offset the costs that hospitals incur because they have to treat people even if they don't have insurance. In general, you should get insurance because you never know when you may get sick or injured and medical bills can be huge. Talk to a local independent broker. They can assist you in finding the cheapest plan that meets all of your needs.

What  Does  POS  Mean  On  Health  Insurance?
POS stands for Point of Service. POS forms of health insurance can be considered a middle ground between HMO's and PPO's. The POS program can be an attractive form of health insurance for participants who do not want to be restricted to receiving medical care only from network providers yet still would like to receive the same coverage and wellness benefits provided through a managed care system.

How  Much  Is  Homeowners  Insurance  A  Year  On  Average?
That definitely depends on several factors. Each insurance company will apply to each State's Department of Insurance to rate based on different variables. Depending on your State, age of home, prior loss, and discounts, average costs are probably somewhere between $750 - $1500, and for larger homes, a bit more.

How  Do  I  Buy  Renters  Insurance?
To secure renters insurance start by calling a local agent that also deals with homeowners insurance. Most carriers that handle homeowners insurance also provide renters. Renters insurance is typically very inexpensive for the amount of coverage that is provided. Find a local that you are comfortable with they will be your go to person when you have questions.

How  Do  Life  Insurance  Loans  Work?
You can often borrow money (in the form of a loan) from a life insurance policy. Typically, it is a whole life policy or another form of permanent coverage. Many years ago, the loan interest rate was 5% or lower. The rates increased but have been reducing in recent years. Tax ramifications will also have to be considered anytime you withdraw funds from your contract. Your best resource for determining if it is wise to secure a loan from your policy is an experienced local full-time broker/agent. Typically, advertisers and marketers are not your best choice.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  Through  The  VA?
You will automatically be enrolled in $400,000 of life insurance when you enter the service. If you want less, you can decrease it by increments of $50,000. After you are out of the service, there is a window of time where you must convert your SGLI to VGLI, or you will lose the opportunity to do so. See WEBSITELINK for details.

How  Much  Does  It  Cost  To  Be  Put  On  Your  Parents  Car  Insurance?
The change in premium that is realized on your parents auto insurance policy can vary greatly from carrier to carrier and location to location. There are many factors that go into the determination of your auto insurance rates. Please contact your local agent to discuss coverage availability and pricing within your area.

How  Much  Is  Life  Insurance  For  A  45  Year  Old?
The cost of a $250,000 twenty year term policy for a very healthy 45 year old male who does not use tobacco can run as low as $30/mo. That same man could get a permanent policy of $250,000 for about double that amount. A woman age 45 and in perfect health will have lower premiums than these. If there is even one small health problem, a family history of heart disease or cancer, any tobacco use, being overweight, or many other reasons, this rate will be higher.

Why  Choose  Variable  Life  Insurance?
It should be antithetical to cover an indemnification risk with a risky product like variable universal life (VUL) and an expensive life insurance product it is. If you need life insurance coverage, VUL is too expensive and takes on too much management for the common investor. Howeverthat being said, forexperiencedinvestors that are accustomed tomarket riskwithproductslike electronically traded funds or mutual funds, VUL may be an alternative for their long term equity position. Keep in mind that VUL is very popular with wealthy investorsbecauseof the tax favored features of VUL: deferral duringaccumulationand potential tax free income if the contract is kept in force for the life of the insured.

What  Is  IPT  On  Car  Insurance?
IPT as I understand it is Insurance Premium Tax. In the US premium taxes on insurance polices are less obvious and usually run about two percent of the premium built into the final number you pay for the policy. In most states premium taxes are major source of revenue to a state usually behind only Income Taxes, Sales Taxes and Property Taxes Perhaps best if I leave the rest or your question to a European Insurance Professional.

How  Do  You  Get  Medicare  Part  D?
To get Medicare Part D, you first have to find the Medicare drug plan that you want to join. Then you can go to that plan's website and enroll online, or complete a paper form enrollment, or call that plan's phone number, or call Medicare at 1-800-633-4227. This website is helpful in selecting your plan and telling you where and how to enroll. WEBSITELINK

How  Much  Does  Health  Insurance  Cost?
The cost of health insurance can be very affordable or incredibly expensive, depending upon may factors. If you are healthy, young, single, don't smoke, and live in Ohio, you rate will be very cheap. If you are diabetic, a smoker, obese and live in New Jersey, your health insurance costs more than your home. Your best option is to talk to an experienced broker so you can get a free comparison of the most affordable medical plans in your area.

How  Do  I  Handle  A  Retirement  Shortfall?
You are not unique. Studies show that less than twenty percent of those without an active plan for retirement feel confident about retiring. Here are four strategies that you can pursue if you are unsure that you can retire on the income you will receive when you retire. The first strategy is to increase your savings for retirement now. As people approach retirement they frequently lose responsibility for children, their mortgage may become paid-off and their disposable income might climb. Seizing this opportunity to increase saving for retirement is crucial. If your employer matches what you put into a retirement or savings program try to make a matching contribution to the company plan. Be careful about putting excessive money into the company plan as the investments contained in the portfolio might now reflect your risk tolerance and you could become quite worried over them. Maximum contributions increase on certain retirement savings programs and you should explore the opportunity that could afford to you. Make sure your retirements savings are coordinated. A retirement income expert could be very helpful in this regard. There are severe penalties if you inadvertently overfund a pension or retirement savings plan. If you are saving all you legally can for retirement you should then focus on reducing debt. The less debt that you carry into retirement the higher your satisfaction will be. At a minimum eliminate any credit card debt and installment purchase debt. Discuss with your accountant the wisdom of reducing or eliminating a mortgage. The second strategy would be to get better performance from your investments. This can be a reason to sit down with someone who specializes in retirement portfolios. You could have investments that have underperformed for a while and have little prospects of rebounding. This might be the time to adjust your assets so that you are better able to reach your retirement goals. The third strategy is often overlooked and yet it is the most obvious. You might be able to work longer. Forty percent of retirees start retirement because of some unforeseen event and at a date that they had not selected. The illness of parents, spouse or children can often force an early retirement. As you approach retirement make an inventory of your marketable skills and interests. Focus your attention on what you want to do and develop the expertise to move into that area whenever retirement starts. If this means staying at your current employer that can be negotiated most of the time. Some people negotiate for reduced hours, or returning to the exact same job as a consultant. If you like your work and you like those you work with, dont think that you must quit because you have reached some arbitrary age. Working longer is the quickest way to enhance your retirement income. My brother could probably work into his 90s because he was a programmer over fifty years and knows some proprietary computer languages that are still being used, but few people can program them. The fourth strategy is to decide to live on less. If this is going to be your strategy, start reducing your standard of living now. Waiting until the day you retire to downsize can bring more trauma than you want. You can live on less now, save the difference. Then when you retire you can keep marching along. This can include moving to a smaller, less difficult to manage single story home. This could mean resuming cooking rather than eating in restaurants. It usually will include reducing the number of cars. For some this will mean establishing a joint residence with a child. While this can be done, planning is essential. Your childs idea might be putting you in the middle bedroom and that might not be desirable. These are practical strategies that anyone can follow to increase the likelihood that your assets will not be exhausted in your retirement and that you can enjoy your retirement. Planning is really the key to having a successful retirement.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Roof  Replacement?
It can, but it is always a good idea to talk to your Insurance Professional about the specific coverage that your policy provides. If the entire roof is destroyed by a covered peril in your policy, then the full roof replacement would more than likely be covered, however subject to your deductible. If only a portion of the roof is damaged, then it may be that only that portion would be covered.

Does  Farmers  Insurance  Sell  Disability  Insurance?
No, Farmer's Insurance Group does not sell Disability Insurance. To get a quote for Disability Insurance, you can call an agency that sells multiple Life Insurance policies, either in your local area or on the internet. They can help you shop multiple companies to find your best Disability Insurance rate.

Can  Someone  Contest  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
A carrier can contest a death claim during the two year contestability period, even beyond that period for fraud. Some beneficiaries have contested the change in beneficiaries, not only by the policy owner, but by those given power of attorney to act on behalf of the policy owner. There have been cases where the policy owners will is in conflict with the stated policy benefices, resulting the parties contesting each others rightful position.

Is  Whole  Life  Insurance  A  Good  Investment  For  Kids?
Insurance as an investment is a topic that has been debated for a long time. A whole life insurance policy on a child makes good sense if you care about providing a base of insurance that will last a lifetime regardless of your childs future health or occupation. It makes good sense if you want to establish a savings program that has safety and a reasonable return. It also makes good sense if you want to guarantee that your child will be able to get life insurance in the future regardless of their occupation or health.

Why  Is  Life  Insurance  So  Expensive  In  Tennessee?
Prices on life insurance are based on the type of product the health, and age of the insured. Products in Tennessee are no more expensive than they are in any state. If you are finding that life insurance seems too expensive, you should seek out quotes from another source so you can compare rates and determine if what you've been looking at is correct.

What  Does  Pre  Certification  Mean  In  Health  Insurance?
Health insurance pre-certification is a process used to certain claims that may have significant cost or could be of questionable value. Most elective surgery, inpatient or outpatient, should be pre-certified with your health insurance carrier before moving forward. Your doctor will file an informational claim using the carrier pre-certification form to determine if the medical procedure might be approved for coverage. Ultimately it is YOUR responsibility to make sure the pre-certification process has been followed.

When  Does  It  Make  Sense  To  Switch  Retirement  Investment  Contributions  From  401(k)  To  Roth  IRA?
There are three important considerations to make. Some employers match contributions to a 401(k) plan which would greatly increase the benefit of contributions to a company sponsored 401(k.) Nothing beats free money. The Roth IRA is not available to everyone. According to the Internal Revenue Service in 2014, anyone contributing to a Roth IRA is phased out when their income exceeds $60,000-70,000 and they are single or the head of the household. The same rule applies if they are married and filing jointly if their combined incomes exceed $181,000-191,000. If they are married and filing jointly they are phased out if their income is $0-10,000. The point is, not everyone can contribute to a Roth IRA. When money will be taxed becomes the last major consideration. Because contributions are made with money that has already been taxed it is wise to make sure that it will be withdrawn when the marginal tax rate will be higher. This cannot be determined with complete accuracy because tax policy changes from time to time, however, many working people are in a very low marginal tax bracket. These tax payers often are taking deductions for children, mortgage and a variety of other reasons. More mature tax payers dont always have those deductions available. Qualified distributions from a Roth IRA are not includable in gross income. Even the earnings are tax-free. In a traditional IRA they are tax-deferred. A qualified distribution can be made after the plan has been in effect five years beginning with the first taxable year for which the individual made a contribution to a Roth IRA and the distribution meets the following requirements: 1. It is made on or after the date on which the individual attains the age of 59.5. 2. It is made to a beneficiary (or to the estate of the individual) or after the death of the individual 3. It is attributable to the individuals being disabled (see IRC Section 72(m)(7) 4. It is a qualified first-time homebuyer distribution (subject to IRC rules.) It would appear that younger tax payers in low tax brackets should consider putting money into a Roth IRA. Because retirement seems to be a distant dream many young people are reluctant to start a Roth IRA, however, there is great wisdom in doing so. These younger tax payers are also more likely to have incomes that are below the limits mentioned previously. A distribution of a regular IRA is subject to taxation as ordinary income and may be subject to penalty tax if the distribution doesnt meet specified criteria. A distribution from a Roth IRA is considered a return of premium and not subject to income tax. Income taxation only becomes an issue if the amount returned exceeds that which was deposited. If specified criteria are met, even the growth or interest in the Roth IRA is also free of income tax. Distributions from most retirement plans are taxed as ordinary income. It is very helpful to have a source of tax free distributions. This is the role that the Roth IRA can play. A Roth IRA can accept rollovers from other qualified plans. In these events immediate income tax must be paid on the amount being transferred to the Roth IRA. The money is treated as ordinary income at the time of the rollover. These provisions may provide significant opportunities for retirement income planning. Most people start to consider the Roth IRA when they reach age 45. They realize then that they will want the tax free benefit of the distribution. While it is never too late to start it would be to the interest of most tax payers to start earlier.

What  Are  The  Two  Different  Types  Of  Life  Insurance?
Term and permanent life insurance are the two basic types. Term life insurance is for temporary needs where the coverage duration is known and finite. Most term policies are available for periods of up to 30 years and may feature level annual premiums. There is no cash surrender value in most products (except for return of premium term). At older ages, term rapidly becomes cost prohibitive and is generally not available for long durations. Term is a relatively simple product to understand and so affordable, it can fit most any budget. It is ideal in situations such as with young families who have a tight budget and need life insurance for protection for up to 30 years. For business situations, it is frequently used to fund buy-sell agreements to ensure the cash will be available for share purchases in the event of untimely death. For coverage that does not expire before you do, permanent (cash value) life insurance is more appropriate. Most term policies feature conversion without evidence of insurability to permanent policies later when they can better afford the premium for lifetime funding and coverage. Permanent life insurance variations - whole life, universal life, etc. - and are designed to provide lifetime death benefit protection that cannot be outlived. Cash values build over time which help make the premium you pay level over the life of the policy.

What  Is  Medicare  Low  Income  Subsidy?
There are several taxpayer funded assistance programs for low income Medicare beneficiaries. If you qualify for Extra Help, your Medicare Part B premium is paid for you under QMB, SLMB, or QI programs. All 3 assistance programs will pay your Medicare Part B premium. Some will also pay your Part A, deductibles and coinsurance.

What  Is  The  Best  Long  Term  Health  Care  Insurance?
There are not many long term care insurance companies remaining in the market, but those who left are are solid carriers, Each carrier presents policy provisions with their own proprietary definitions and benefits that may favor one carrier over another. But from an overall perspective, Genworth is one of the top long term care insurance companies.

is  being  wheelchair  bound  an  automatic  disqualification  for  life  insurance?
I actually just got someone who is a paraplegic a very good rate on life insurance. One big plus was that he lived with his family, drove his own vehicle to work, and has many coworkers at the office. One big underwriting concern is the ability to vacate the premises in case of an emergency. Wheelchair-bound people who live by themselves are very tough to underwrite for that exact fear. Other issues include complications and organ dysfunction due to lack of mobility. By and large you can be eligible for coverage, but it requires some very careful prequalification to make sure all the quote information is thorough and accurate, and that the carriers fully understand how you are managing all medical and lifestyle issues.

What  Is  Oxford  Health  Insurance?
Oxford Health Insurance is a large reputable insurer and is part of UnitedHealthcare. It offers coverage primarily in New York,New Jersey and Connecticut. Their rats are typically very competitive and they have a wide range of products for individuals and families. A licensed broker can review and shop their plans for you.

Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Heating?
Homeowners Insurance will cover any home fixtures against perils covered by the policy; i.e. Fire, Vandalism, Wind etc... If your quetsion refers to the maintenance or repair of your heating system, your question should be referred to your Home Warranty coverage and not your homeowners insurance. In very few cases, homeowners insurance policies may offer a warranty endorsement which can be purchased and added on to your homeowners insurance policy. You must consult your present insurance carrier and inquire as to whether a home warranty endorsement is available and the premium charged.

When  Should  I  Buy  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
The best time to buy Long Term Care Insurance is while you can still qualify for it. People are much more likely to develop a health condition after age 60, so it is a good idea to get the Long Term policy into effect before turning 60, if not sooner.

Why  Is  Whole  Life  Insurance  Better  Than  Term?
Whole life is not necessarily better than term insurance, but it can be. Whole life provides coverage, as the name suggests, for the whole of your life, it does not expire like most term policies. Whole life policies usually have cash values which grow in a tax advantaged way. In addition, whole life can provide additional financial and retirement planning opportunities. With term insurance you pay for the coverage and in most cases that is what you get - life insurance at a specified price for a specified term. If you need coverage for the long term, then whole life could be better. If you need coverage for the short term, then term insurance could be better. Another product to consider is Universal Life which could be better. What policy is right for you depends on your individual situation. An independent insurance broker can help you find the right policy at the right price. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me. If you would like to work with a local life insurance broker, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: life insurance broker Halifax or life insurance agent Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find a life insurance broker in your community.

Can  I  Add  My  Husband  To  My  Medicare?
Your husband will need to get his own Medicare insurance. However, if he does not qualify for free Part A because he has not worked enough years for that benefit, he can get free Part A based on your eligibility. He will need to be at least 65 to get Medicare, even you are already getting it.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cost  More  For  Smokers?
Health insurance cost more for smokers om most medical plans. The exception is a "short-term" policy with selected carriers. For temporary policies, often the smoking status is not considered in determining the rate. When State Exchanges/Marketplaces begin offering coverage (You should continue to purchase coverage through a broker and/or their website) in 2014, smoking will impact all plans. Although any existing conditions will not impact the rate, smoking will. So if you can stop, it will save money. If you can't, many smoking cessation expenses will be covered under the new plans.

What  Is  Disability  Insurance  Benefits?
Disability Insurance benefits can be paid through a group Disability Insurance policy, through a State Disability Insurance policy, through a private Disability Insurance policy, or through Social Security Disability. The benefits are the payment that you get if you are disabled longer than the elimination period of your policy. The benefits are paid regularly, as you would be paid a paycheck, if you were still working.

Is  Home  Insurance  Mandatory  In  California?
Home insurance is not mandatory in California. But any financial institution that loans you money to buy real property can require you carry HO insurance. If you fail to procure a policy, they will buy one for you and charge you for that. Also, if your property is located in the flood zone area, the same lender may also require you buying flood insurance. The only thing I haven't seen required from the Homeowner is an earthquake insurance. However, we strongly suggest you review you options. Nowadays, with theCalifornia Earthquake Authority (CEA) this coverage became much more affordable than before.

When  Can  I  Borrow  From  My  Life  Insurance?
Permanent cash value policies accumulate (net) premiums that are crediting, or in the case of variable universal life insurance credited to or debited from the policy account based on performance. Keep in mind that in the early years of a policy, most contracts have surrender charges that can influence the accessibility of cash values. And remember, borrowing money from a life insurance policy has loan charges associated with the loan. Request an in force ledger from the issuing life insurance company to review the current standing of your policy before moving forward with a policy loan.

How  Long  Does  It  Take  For  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  To  Pay  Out?
When an insured dies, the beneficiary making the claim on the policy will need to send in a completed claim form and a copy of the death certificate (some carriers may have an additional form - varies by carrier). Once these items are received by the carrier, they will pay out the claim to the beneficiary.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Foundation  Cracks?
Home owners insurance will typicallynot cover foundation cracks that are not caused by a covered peril. This is typically considered to be part of basic home maintenance. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and exclusions within the coverage or call your local agent to have them explain your policy's coverage and exclusions.

Which  Life  Insurance  Company  Is  The  Best?
The best life insurance company is the one that will insure you. The best policy is the policy that is in force on your life when you die. At that moment no one will care how much was paid in premiums, what the ratings, and financial rankings are. The important thing is that they will pay the claim. Your state insurance commissioner has a very similar view. The best life insurance company pays its claims. Fortunately that is probably the vast majority of the companies admitted to do business in your state.

How  To  Obtain  Short  Term  Disability  Insurance?
You can obtain Short Term Disability Insurance in the same way that you can purchase Long Term Disability Insurance. Contact an agent or website that sells it and inquire about options and pricing. Even if a website does not advertise Disability Insurance, if it sells Life Insurance there is a good chance it sells Disability Insurance, as well.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Vision  And  Dental?
Medicare does not cover a routine eye exam just to check to see if your prescription has changed (refraction exam). Medicare does not cover new glasses unless you have been prescribed new glasses after cataract surgery. Medicare will cover anything medically wrong with your eyes such as cataracts, glaucoma, macular degenerative disease, etc. Medicare does not cover dental unless your teeth have been injured as a result of an accident.

What  Is  Medicare  Pffs?
PFFS stands for Private Fee For Service. A Private Fee For Service plan is a type of Medicare Advantage plan under Part C of Medicare. This type of plan is sold through private insurance companies. The plan determines how much it will pay doctors and hospitals at the time of the care. You will need to present your plan ID card every time you go for a doctor or hospital visit. The doctor's office/hospital has to agree to the plan's terms and conditions on each visit - they reserve the right to accept it one time and then refuse it another. In the event of an emergency, doctors and hospitals must treat you.

How  Long  Does  It  Take  For  Disability  Insurance  To  Kick  In?
I believe you are asking when the disability insurance benefits begin. All disability policies have a waiting period called the elimination period. This can be found on the declaration page in your policy. The elimination period is the period of time between a medical diagnosis of the disability and when benefits begin to pay to the insured. The most common elimination periods are 30-60-90-180-360 days.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Exterminators?
Typically they do not. In most cases pest control is considered a maintenance issue and not covered. And renters policies are "named peril" policies; you won't find pest occupation of the home as a named peril. However there may be coverage under the owners insurance for pest removal and/or the damage to the building caused by them. Even where the coverage is offered its scope is limited in terms of vermin and type of damage.

Will  I  Get  Medicare  At  Age  65?
In order to qualify for Medicare Part A and B at65 you will need to have worked at least 40 quarters in the united states. If you do not have the full 40 quarters of active employment then you may be able to buy into Part A and Part B for an additional monthly premium. The additional monthly premium you may be required to pay will vary depending on how many years of active employment you have had in the United States. If you have worked the full 40 quarters or 10 years then you should have no problem qualifying for Medicare Part A and B at 65. If you are concerned I recommend that you call medicare directly to find out where you stand. The number is 1-800-MEDICARE If you would like to shop and compare medicare supplement Plans please visit www.TheMedigapMarket.com

What  Does  Dave  Ramsey  Say  About  Auto  Insurance?
I love Dave Ramsey. I listen to him and have attended his financial peace university and let me tell you, great advise. I even have his book sitting on my desk as I type this. However I can not speak on behalf Dave Ramsey but if I recall correctly Dave would say don't spend your money on a fancy car but instead build your wealth first. Dave's saying is "Live like no one else so later you can live like non one else". Also he would say carry high liability limits to protect your assets and the highest deductibles you can afford unless a higher deductible does not make a significant enough premium difference. I would recommend hisfinancialpeace series and book and then I would go ask Dave what he thinks about auto insurance.

How  Can  I  Get  Health  Insurance  In  Maine?
Your first step is to go onto the Federal exchange website to get your "obamacare" prices. If you have issues accessing it, you can use the websites of the 2 companies that are on it: Anthem or MCHO (www.maineoptions.org). Depending on your income, you could qualify for a nice credit that will bring the plan prices way down for you. If you receive little or no credit, you may want to consider a health plan off the exchange, and I have a nice one for you if that's the case.

What  Percentage  Of  Small  Businesses  Offer  Health  Insurance?
Due to how fluid and dynamic the small business world is you will never be able to get a perfectly accurate figure on how many small businesses offer health insurance to their employees. However, studies over the last few years have show a slow but steady decline in the percentage of small businesses who offer group health insurance to their employees. In 2013 we witnessed the first time that the estimated percentage of small businesses offering group health insurance fell below the 50% level, coming in at a little over 49%. It is projected that this level will decrease somewhat further (probably mid-40% range) when 2014 statistics can be compiled.

How  Much  Does  Joint  Life  Insurance  Cost?
Joint life insurance covers two people and pays out the death benefit upon the death of the second person. Thus, it is often called "second-to-die" life insurance. Joint Life insurance typically costs less than buying life insurance policies for the two individuals separately. It also is able to cover a person that is hard to impossible to insure through a separate policy, as long as the other one of the persons covered by the joint policy is in fairly good health.

When  Is  Permanent  Life  Insurance  A  Good  Investment?
Permanent Life Insurance is a good investment provided you fund it properly. It has been my experience that most brokers/agents do not set these up correctly which in the future, when the client is expecting to use the cash value, it is not there. First rule: You need to give some time for the Life Insurance to grow and really become that asset you desire. Second rule: Look at taking loans versus withdrawals from the policy and what the loan rate is. Third rule: Consider using this as an asset however pay yourself back when you are not in need of it. You certainly do not have to pay back the loans, providing the policy does not lapse. Fourth rule: Do not let the policy lapse. Hense, the reason for proper funding. Fifth rule: Loans are tax-free. Withdrawals are tax free up to basis (the money you have paid in). This gives you the basics of how to make a Permanent Life Insurance a good investment. To answer the "when", I would say NOW if you are able to fund it properly. Talk to your agent about getting an illustration with a couple different companies, traditional vs. indexed permanent policies. Feel free to reach out to me if you would like more information as well..

Does  Group  Life  Insurance  Work?
Yes, Group life insurance works. Group life will pay a claim, just as an individual policy would. The question with group life, is should it be your only form of life insurance? While it is nice that a portion is picked up by most employers (up to 50,000) as they get a tax deduction for providing coverage to a point. However, as an individual on a group plan, you have no control over the situation. If your employer changes plans or decides to end the benefit, you have no coverage. Where this can become a problem is if your health changes while in the group plan. The plan ends, you still need coverage, but your health may prevent you from getting covered or covered at a reasonble price. With group coverage, you don't have a lot of say over the coverage. It is always better to find your own coverage that suits your needs and then using group coverage as bonus coverage as no telling if it will be there when you need it to be.

How  Long  Can  You  Drive  A  New  Car  Without  Insurance?
By law, you cannot drive any vehicle, new or old without first having insurance. If you have current insurance on a vehicle and purchase a new car, then you are covered for a very short period of time, which you need to call your company with the new vehicle information. I would recommend calling your company the same day if not within 24 hours. This keeps it clean if you were to get into an accident there would be no question on coverage you have or don't have.

Is  Liposuction  Covered  By  Health  Insurance?
Liposuction is typically completed as an elective procedure and not medically necessary - therefore the procedure would not be covered by a health insurance plan. It's always helpful to contact the carrier to find out if a specific service would be covered or not if you're not sure. They would be able to give a definitive answer to your specific situation. Please feel free to contact me for further assistance or if you have other questions. Thanks very much.

What  Insurance  Do  You  Get  When  You  Are  On  Disability?
It depends on the situation. If you are on Social Security disability then after about two years you can qualify for Medicare. If you are on disability from work your companies insurance will usually continue to cover you. If you have a personal disability policy and a health insurance policy then you would need to keep paying for your health insurance unless your policy includes some type of disability waiver, which is not common.

Is  Disability  Insurance  Considered  Income?
Disability insurance benefits generate tax free income for the policy owner when the policy insured is unable to work because of prolonged injury or sickness. The income is tax free because the disability insurance premiums were not deducted. There are scenarios where a business can expense disability premiums, but then the income is taxable at ordinary income tax rates.

How  To  Find  The  Right  Health  Insurance  Plan?
Consult with an independent insurance agent/broker. There are tools on the healthcare.gov website you can use, but trying to figure out which health plan is right for you can be difficult and time consuming. Under the new Afforable Care Act, you cannot be declined for an individual health plan for any pre-existing condition or other health-related reason. However, there are many different plans in the marketplace and an insurance agent/broker will have the knowledge to help you find a health insurance plan that is suitable for your needs and your budget. The four main levels are bronze, silver, gold, and platinum (catastrophic plans are only available to individuals under age 30) and not all carriers offer a plan for every level. Bronze plans will generally feature the lowest premiums, but also the least comprehensive coverage. Platinum plans will generally feature the highest premiums, but also the most comprehensive coverage.

How  Do  I  Find  My  Medicare  Number?
Your Medicare number is on your Medicare card. For most people it is their Social Security number followed by a letter. The letter A means you are a wage earner. The letter B means you are the spouse of a wage earner and you are 62 or older. In some cases your Medicare number will be your spouses SSN.

How  To  Set  Up  A  Retirement  Plan?
I can set up a unique portfolio for you in retirement. There are annuities, life insurance, and endowment, etc. I would need to do analysis in order to find the best plan for you. These plans are much like any insurance policy that will require monthly premiums but work in different ways. Consultants will give you the best information and direct you to the best coverage. Age is one factor. Health is another and then your choice of what you.want to pay. I have all coverages and consultants to answer your questions.

How  Would  A  Medicare  Voucher  System  Work?
A Medicare voucher system allows Medicare beneficiaries to pick their coverage from a variety of options. In reality, a voucher system is no different from the way you pick plans now. Medicare beneficiaries can opt for traditional Medicare or may use taxpayer dollars to fund at least a portion of the cost of a Medicare Advantage plan.

Why  Do  People  Take  Out  Life  Insurance?
People take out life insurance to ensure that their survivors will be taken care of financially. Those who get life insurance know that life insurance is not only a means of survival, it is a love letter to those left behind. Life insurance can do everything from feeding small children left fatherless by a car accident, to affording an elderly widow the luxury of someone making him a home cooked meal three times a week. That is why people take out life insurance, among many other reasons.

How  Is  Homeowners  Insurance  Calculated?
How your homeowners insurance premium is calculated will more than likely vary from carrier to carrier, based on many factors. Some of the major factors that help determine your rate are geographic location of the premise, the age of the premise, the architecture of the premise and materials used to construct it, the valuation of reconstruction of the premise and claims history of the insured just to name a few. Contact a local agent to discuss the information that they need to provide you with a quote.

Can  Annuities  Be  Placed  In  An  IRA?
YES, annuities can be placed into an IRA. Consider this, you have a cup which represents the IRA, meaning anything in the cup has to follow the IRA rules as laid out per the IRS. You can put mutual funds in this cup, making them an IRA, you can put stocks or bonds into that cup making those funds an IRA. And you can put an annuity into that cup, making it an IRA. Remember, IRA rules trump some of the rules which the products bring. For example, an annuity by itself may allow you to contribute virtually an unlimited amount into it. But if this annuity is an IRA, then you are held to the max contributions which the IRA rules state, $5,500 if under age 50 or $6,500 if you are over age 50. Seek the advise of your broker/adviser to determine if putting an annuity into an IRA is right for you.

Can  Life  Insurance  Be  Revoked?
Revoked may not be the best word, but perhaps denied is what youre looking for. Once life insurance is in force, the two year contestability period begins. If the policy insured commits suicide the death claim by the beneficiaries will be denied. If misstatements, misrepresentations or material omissions are discovered during this period it could constitute fraud and the death claim would be denied.

What  Is  A  20  Year  Level  Term  Life  Insurance?
Term poicies last for a certain period. You can purchase a 20 year term which will give you both a level death benefit and level premium for 20 years. At the end of 20 years the policy will end. Many times these policies carry a conversion option so you can actually convert them to a permanent plan as long as you do it within the 20 year period. The benefit to these convertible plans is you don't have to pass an insurance exam when you are ready to convert.

How  Are  Annuities  Taxed  At  Death?
Tax deferred gain in annuities are ultimately taxed at ordinary income rates. You just can't defer forever. And in some cases, in the estate is large, it is conceivable that annuities may be subject to estate tax at the federal or state level. Planning ahead can mitigate some of the impact.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  On  My  Grandma?
You can get life insurance on your grandma if she meets eligibility requirements and passes underwriting requirements as well. Naturally, her age will determine the rate she pays, as will the type of policy and face amount she purchases and it is obvious there is an insurable interest (we assume!). A full-time broker and/or agent will help you find the best non-biased expert information.

Who  Needs  Renters  Insurance  Coverage?
Simply, any person or family that is renting an apartment or house should have renters insurance. The lease you have to sign as well may require you to have it showing proof upon taking possession of the rental. Now the type of Renters insurance is solely up to you. I always recommend getting replacement value versus current value of your possessions. Contact your agent/broker to discuss the pricing and what exactly will be covered.

Is  My  Life  Insurance  Part  Of  My  Estate?
Only the cash value of your policy is part of your net worth while you are alive. When you pass, if your policy was left to your estate as beneficiary, the policy becomes part of your estate. And as long as you were owner of the policy, if the amount of the coverage passed to your beneficiaries exceeded estate tax limits, estate tax will need to be paid (unless the beneficiary was your spouse).

What  Does  Health  Insurance  Out  Of  Pocket  Mean?
Out of pocket is the amount you have to pay out of pocket for covered medical expenses. For example if your policy has a $10,000 out of pocket max, then the most you would pay for covered medical expenses would be $10,000 plus your deductible for that year regardless of how much your actual medical expenses were. The key here is covered medical expenses. If a procedure is not covered the out of pocket for that procedure would not be included in the total out of pocket in your policy. Deductibles and copay's also typically do not count, so if you go to a doctor and have a $20 copay, that $20 is not counted in the out of pocket max.

What  Does  Home  Renters  Insurance  Cover?
Home renters (tenants) policies traditionally cover personal property in the residence. There is a 10% extension for property that is away from the residence. The second major section is liability and that covers you for bodily injury and property damage. Although it is rarely mentioned, this liability coverage is the most important part. A lawsuit could bankrupt you. The policy has limitations and exclusions so read the policy carefully.

What  Is  A  403  B  Tax  Deferred  Annuity?
That is a great question! A 403b is a retirement plan that is set up for certain occupations, like school teachers, Ministers, and some tax exempt organizations. They can be funded by annuities, custodial mutual fund accounts, or a combination of both. The contributions can be made to an account pre-tax, and taxed upon withdrawal, or they can be in a Roth and taxes on contributions paid in result in tax free withdrawals. You will want to see which plan options are available to you, and speak with an adviser about what would work best for you. Thanks for asking!

How  Do  You  Cash  In  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
You Cash In your Life Insurance Policy with serious consideration before doing it. There may be ramifications to its termination. Cashing in your life insurance policy will terminate coverage for your beneficiaries. Cashing in your policy with gain in the contract will cause an ordinary income taxable event. Cashing in your policy with outstanding policy loans or internal policy loans in the contract could also trigger an ordinary income taxable event.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Personal  Injury?
It can cover for personal injury, but that would have to be specifically added to the basic coverage. Be sure to talk with your Insurance Professional about your particular policy to see if such coverage is available. Assuming that it is, the extra minimal premiu would be well worth it these days. Considering the amount of electronic communication we do and the wide use of social media, having personal injury protection is, in my opinion, a must.

How  To  Get  Cheap  Car  Insurance  At  18?
The lowest rate that you would depend on the amount of coverage you get, your driving record, and other factors. If you still live at home. Your rate would be less if you are able to join your parents coverage. If that is not possible call your local agent to find out what they have available within your area and the cost that would be involved.

What  Is  Federal  Employees  Group  Life  Insurance?
Federal Employees Group Life Insurance (FEGLI) is the largest group life insurance program in the world. It was established in 1954 to provide term life insurance protection for federal employees and retirees in the United States. It comes in Basic coverage (of which you pay 2/3 and the government pays 1/3) and Optional (which can be added onto Basic at your expense).

Can  Businesses  Write  Off  Health  Insurance?
IRS Schedule C is used by businesses to tabulate deductible business expenses. Line 14 is used to deduct contributions to employee benefit programs. The instructions specify that accident and health plan contributions qualify. Self employed workers can make a deduction on line 29 of form 1040. The write off must be reduced if the small business tax credit was used.

Does  State  Farm  Drug  Test  For  Life  Insurance?
Every life insurance policy that requires an exam has certain markers that are checked for in the blood and urine tests. Drugs are one of the big factors that carriers look at when reviewing results. You may not necessarily be declined for the use of certain drugs, but its always best to be upfront with the carrier about usage and history (in short, it looks like a big red flag to them if you're intentionally hiding something and it's discovered during underwriting).

Can  Race  Car  Drivers  Get  Life  Insurance?
Race car drivers can buy life insurance. It's important to disclose this profession (or hobby) upfront when purchasing a policy. Many insurance companies have specific forms to complete when applying for coverage. These forms are designed to provide the insurance company with the details of the driving activities. Using those details, the insurance company will make a decision on whether or not they will insure that race car driver and how much extra that person may pay because of the risks involved.

Can  You  Drive  A  Car  Off  The  Lot  Without  Insurance?
Oh yes, you most definitely drive the car off the lot. But, what if.... What if there is an accident? Even a small scratch on your or other car may result in $1,000s of repair cost. While most of the carriers don't charge cancellation fees, I suggest you get the coverage for the car before leaving the lot. Just make sure you've chosen the carrier without the midterm cancellation fees.

Who  Could  Be  Named  The  Beneficiary  Of  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
If the policy is on you and you are owner of the policy, you can generally name whoever you want as beneficiary. If you own the policy on the life of someone else, then the beneficiary should have an insurable interest with the insured (e.g. you buy a policy on your child and name their live in partner as beneficiary). If you are able to purchase a policy on someone else, you already have an insurable interest in the insured, so can be the beneficiary yourself, in most situations. Keep in mind that different life insurance companies can have different determinations of what is allowed. Check with a broker beforehand to find out which carriers will work with you to set up the type of policy arrangement you need, or to set up your policy in another way to accomplish your goals.

Why  Take  Out  Life  Insurance?
Great question! Life insurance is a way to ensure that you can have funds available to cover your funeral expenses, to provide an income for loved ones, or to leave an inheritance to those you love. In some cases, it can also be a way to provide cash for later in life, or for emergencies. If you would like help finding one, or answering more questions, please contact me, I'm happy to help. Thanks for asking!

Is  Life  Insurance  At  Work  Enough?
The group Life Insurance offered through work is usually not portable, meaning that when you quit or leave the company you lose the insurance, it does not go with you. Some plans will allow you to convert a portion when you retire but the rate will be very high in most cases. I recommend having insurance other than your group plan.

Does  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Off  Road  Accidents?
As long as you have coverage in your auto policy for physical damage to your car (Comprehensive and Collision) and Liability, should anything happen that is a covered loss whether on a public access road or highway or "off road" as you suggest, then your personal auto policy will provide protection. All of the terms and conditions in the policy would apply including a deductible for damage settlement to your car so it is important to talk to your Insurance Professional about these in order to maintain a solid understanding of the protection that your policy provides to you and your family.

When  Do  Annuities  End?
Annuities end when you surrender them (take the money in a lump sum) or annuitize them (take the money in an income stream). When the person dies on whose life the annuity was based (the annuitant), when the annuity ends depends on the features built into the annuity contract.

Will  Annuities  Increase?
The challenge to answering the question "Will annuities increase?" is that the answer depends on the context of the question. I will provide an answer for different situations and if you would like further clarification you can contact me. In Canada, there are basically two type of annuities, immediate and deferred. Immediate annuities provide an income in exchange for a lump sum. With a deferred annuity, the income is in the future, Deferred annuities are often used as an accumulation or investment vehicle. When the investment options are guaranteed, it is similar to a guaranteed investment certificate, GIC, and could increase through interest growth. In Canada, variable deferred annuities are often referred to as segregated funds or seg funds. These are similar to mutual funds and their value can increase or decrease depending on the fund(s) performance. Since they are issued by insurance companies, seg funds do offer minimum death and maturity guarantees, typically 75% or 100%. Some companies also offer resets or the locking in of gains, the full details of which are outlined in the plan's information folder. One major factor in determining the income provided from immediate guaranteed annuities is long term interest rates. If rates increase, the amount of income provided will also increase. The income from an immediate annuity can also increase after issue depending on the terms of the contact. An indexed annuity for example can provide for an increase in income each year. Another option would have part of the income dependent on the performance of a fund or pool of funds, where the income would increase or decrease depending on the funds' performance. This is a basic overview of a potentially complex subject. Do not take any action without consulting a licensed professional. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me. If you would like to work with a local life insurance broker, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: life insurance broker Halifax or life insurance agent Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find a life insurance broker in your community.

What  Does  Aps  Stand  For  In  Life  Insurance?
An APS is an "Attending Physician Statement," and it is often used when you apply for coverage. It is a formal request from the insurance company to one of your medical providers (usually your family physician) requesting specific medical records. The insurer usually pays the cost ofobtainingthe medical records.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Mold?
Some Renters insurance policies carry some limited coverage for mold, but most that I have encountered lately do not. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

What  Does  Endow  Mean  In  Life  Insurance?
The word endow in the English language means "to provide with property, income or a source of income". For a life insurance policy to endow means that the policy will pay out the face amount to the policy owner or beneficiary, even though death of the Insured person has not yet occurred. The face amount might also be paid at intervals with interest.

Will  Medicare  Advantage  Go  Away?
Medicare Advantage plans will be around for a long, long time. Sometimes referred to as Medicare Part C, Advantage plans are offered by private insurance carriers that sub-contract with Medicare to provide benefits. Congressional funding for Medicare Advantage will be reduced going forward which will result in fewer available plans, higher premiums, higher out of pocket.

Can  You  Cash  Out  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Only if the policy has a cash value would it be possible to have a policy with the potential to cash out. Depending on the amount of time and the initial premium that initiated the policy will make a difference in the amount of caah value potential. Some carriers or policies may have fees involved with the cash out of the policy and you may also inccur some tax ramifications if you cash out a life insurance policy also. Please confir with a local tax accountant to find out about potential tax considenrations.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Lipoma  Removal?
More often than not, surgical removal of a lipoma is not covered by health insurance. A lipoma is a benign soft tissue tumor that reside below the skin. They are usually soft to the touch and not painful. More often than not removal is done for cosmetic reasons. Health insurance policies cover treatment that is medically necessary. If the tumor is large and creating other medical issues (such as pressure on a nerve) or if tests reveal the tumor is liposarcoma your health insurance may cover removal.

Why  Is  Medicare  Efficient?
Medicare is the primary provider of medical coverage for citizens after they reach age 65. The vast majority of health providers work with Medicare every day. Procedures are well established. Once Medicare has reviewed a claim the remaining balance due is then transferred to a supplementary insurer if one is identified.

What  Insurance  Do  I  Need  For  A  New  Home?
This is really a question that each individual must answer for themselves. My personal recommendation for every homeowners is a homeowners policy with personal liability coverage and equipment breakdown coverage. I would also recommend that every homeowner carry umbrella insurance. Your exact coverages are something that only you can decide upon. To ensue that you are properly insured you should contact a local insurance agent to discuss your needs with.

Who  Has  The  Best  Life  Insurance?
Who has the best life insurance? Well, you may hate the answer but the best life insurance is the one that insures you for the best rate possible and does the most to meet your goals and plans. In other words there are a bunch of "best" companies depending on the person applying.

How  Much  Does  Smoking  Increase  Life  Insurance?
Smoking affects life insurance rates but how much depends on other health and lifestyle factors. In general, the premium for term life insurance for people in their thirties and forties is three times more for tobacco users than for non tobacco users. The factor widens on older individuals. For permanent (cash value) policies the difference is not as great. The kind of smoking or tobacco use affects rates, too. In recent years, a few innovative insurance companies have been offering non tobacco rates to cigar smokers and users of smokeless tobacco making their tobacco class rates effectively cigarette user rates. Celebratory cigar use e.g. once or twice a year at weddings, may even qualify at such innovative insurance companies for preferred non tobacco premium rates.

Medicare  Vs  Private  Insurance  Which  Is  Primary?
If you are talking about being covered by group health insurance and also covered by Medicare then it will depend upon the size of the employer group you are working for. If your employer has less than20 employees then Medicare is the primary payer (pays first) and the group health insurance pays in a secondary capacity. If your employer has more than 20+ employees then the group health insurance plan pays first and Medicare pays in a secondary capacity. This is the simplest and generally most common scenarios where this question comes up. However, there are numerous other situations a person may be in (eligible for Medicare and Medicaid, disabled, retired and still covered under a former employer's plan, etc.) where other primary vs. secondary payer rules come into play that are too numerous to go into here. For more detailed information I would recommend that you go to Medicare.gov as they are an excellent resource for detailed information on the entire range of these issues.

How  Much  Does  Health  Insurance  For  One  Person  Cost?
It varies from person to person. Your age, where you live, if you use tobacco products, and if you qualify for a subsidy to reduce your premium will determine how much a good policy is going to cost. Under the Affordable Care Act, you have the options for bronze, silver, gold, and platinum level plans (as you go up in metal, the price goes up, but provides better benefits) - some areas also have a catastrophic plan available. In addition, your age is a big factor as well. The younger you are, the cheaper your premium - the older you are, the higher your premium. Also, if you use tobacco products, your premium can be increased up to 50% as well. All of the plans offer good coverage. A silver or gold plan are your middle of the road type of plans because they provide strong coverage at an affordable price. I always recommend consulting with an experienced health insurance broker before you apply for anything. We can help you determine the plan that's going to be most suitable for your needs and budget. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

At  What  Age  Do  You  Go  On  Medicare?
Most people will enroll in Medicare when they turn 65. Part A is premium-free for most individuals because you've been paying FICA taxes during your working life (you need 40 quarters/10 years of working life to qualify for premium-free Part A). Part B requires a monthly premium ($104.90 in 2014 - can be higher for individuals in higher income brackets - figure based on your modified adjusted gross income from your tax return from 2 years prior). Some people may be on Medicare before age 65 (certain requirements must be met such as being on social security disability/have end-stage renal disease and have been receiving benefits for 24 continuous months). If you're still working and have group coverage, you can elect to postpone receiving Part B until you're ready to come off the group plan. When you're ready to come off the group coverage, you'll have a special enrollment period to enroll in Part B. If you don't do it in this window, you will have to wait until the annual general enrollment period (January 1-March 1) - please note, if enrolling during your general enrollment period, you will have a July 1 effective date. When you first enroll in Part B, you will also trigger a six-month open enrollment period to buy a Medicare supplement plan with NO MEDICAL UNDERWRITING. This is THE BEST time to buy a supplement plan - plan F is the most comprehensive plan.

What  Percent  Of  The  Us  Population  Has  Health  Insurance?
That is a great question! I read just yesterday that as a result of the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) that the number of Americans without health insurance coverage is at the lowest that it has been in over 50 years. Almost 87% of Americans now have coverage, and that number would be higher, but there are still 18 States that have not allowed the expanded Medicare provision in their State. There is a fierce battle in the Virginia Congress even as we speak over the inclusion of their 40,000 Seniors that would benefit from the passage of the Act there. I also read that despite the hype and hollering to the contrary, Medical and insurance prices have dropped significantly, and the number of people who have kept the insurance has been at or above the industry standard, averaging around 83%. So I guess despite all the rhetoric, and hollering about it, most people have bought into its benefits. Thanks for asking!

Are  Life  Insurance  Proceeds  Protected  From  Creditors  In  Georgia?
If life insurance proceeds in Georgia are left to a person as beneficiary, creditors cannot take the money away from the beneficiary to pay the debts of the insured, (unless the beneficiary was co-signer to that debt). If the life insurance proceeds are left to the estate, then creditors in Georgia can access those benefits to pay off the debt owed them by the deceased.

Who  Benefits  From  Disability  Insurance?
Disability Insurance is actually "disability Income insurance", so primarily the policy holder is the first beneficiary. Disability insurance does not pay the entire amount of income when claimed though. THis is to discourage prolonged dependence on the insurance income. Typically disability insurance pays only 50 to 62% of the insured's income when they are disabled from working. Of course the benefits trickle down to the family of the insured and their creditors as the income provided will enable them to continue to pay the bills.

Do  Businesses  In  Florida  Have  To  Offer  Health  Insurance?
The short answer is "no" if the company has less than 50 employees. The health insurance market has changed drastically for businesses in Florida. Each business needs to have an analysis of their specific situation done to properly have a game plan going forward. The one good thing is individual plans no longer exclude for pre-existing conditions just like group plans. This may open up options for small business owners in Florida to consider other options.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Theft  Away  From  Home?
Renters insurance will cover you for theft on and off yourpremisesminus your deductible. For example if you are traveling and your luggage was stolen this would be acoveredperil. I recommend you discuss with your local agent as renters polices may and often do have limitations for certain items such as jewelery.

Will  Doctors  Stop  Seeing  Medicare  Patients?
Doctors will not stop seeing Medicare patients. Medicare is an ever increasing pool of new patients. Medicare patients are "insured", whether covered by original Medicare (and a supplement) or a Medicare Advantage plan. This insured status means doctors are almost always guaranteed to be paid for their services. Of course medical necessity is the key to getting paid.

Can  I  Use  Medicare  In  Another  State?
Yes, you can use Medicare in another state. If you are traveling within the US and need to use medical services in that state, Medicare will pay for your care in almost any hospital or clinic. If using a Medicare Advantage plans, you may need to pay extra if you go to a provider outside your network.

What  I  Need  To  Know  About  Auto  Insurance?
There are two basic parts to an auto policy. There is a liability section which provides protection should you be sued as the result of operating your automobile. There is a physical damage section which repairs or replaces a vehicle should it be damaged. Each of these sections has limits of coverage or deductibles. There are also additional coverages which can usually be selected such as roadside service.

What  Is  A  Rider  In  Health  Insurance?
A rider in health insurance (or in any type of insurance) is an optional benefit that may be purchased and added to the policy. For example, you could purchase a critical care rider which pays cash directly to the policy holder upon diagnosis of specified critical illnesses. An example in life insurance is an accelerated death benefit, in which the insurance can use a portion of the death benefit while they're still alive, if diagnosed with a terminal illness.

What  Is  The  Point  Of  Renters  Insurance?
The point of renters insurance is to inexpensively cover your personal property (and liability, medical payments to others, loss of use benefits etc...) in the event you have a major claim. Although smaller claims are covered, your main concern should be protecting your belongings in case there was a fire, tornado or a theft that left you with virtually no personal property. You'll be glad you had coverage when it's time to file a claim andaccessthe loss.

What  Is  Extended  Term  Option  Life  Insurance?
Extended term is one of the non-forfeiture provisions. When a person does not want to continue making payments on a whole life insurance policy they have options with what they can do with the cash value that has accumulated in the policy. One is to take a life paid up policy for a reduced amount, another is to receive the cash, or borrow the cash. The extended term provision maintains the face amount of the policy for a specified period of time. This is often the automatic, non-forfeiture provision.

What  Is  An  HR  10  Retirement  Plan?
A Keogh plan is a qualified retirement plan (the Self Employed Individuals Tax Retirement Act of 1962) called the Keogh Act. Keogh plans are defined contribution plans, whether as a profit sharing, a money purchase, or profit sharing/money purchase plan.

What  Is  The  Best  Renters  Insurance?
The Best Renters Insurance is provided by Stillwater Insurance Group. Renters Insurance is written asa Form HO-4 providing coverage for Personal Property and Personal Liability. Stillwater Insurance does not require the client to have any other insurance with the company in order to provide an affordable renters insurance policy. The insurance is available in multiple states; a quote may be obtained online at: WEBSITELINK directly by the tenant, if there are no further questions, the policy may be purchased directly online.

Can  Two  Unmarried  People  Share  Car  Insurance?
Car insurance follows the car. It is based on the household attached to the car. Every licensed driver in the household should be included on the policy or excluded by endorsement. If two unmarried person occupy the same household, the cars attached to that household will include both as drivers. The policy will probably name the registered owner of the car as the primary insured but can name the other driver as a secondary insured.

What  Is  Substandard  Auto  Insurance?
Another term for Substandard Auto Insurance is High Risk. Auto insurance rates are based on driving record, age, insurance credit score and claim history. If your driving record falls below what a company considers a standard risk they put you in substandard. While it varies by company, most companies will allow two or three tickets or At Fault accidents before putting you in substandard. A DUI will automatically put you in substandard. Insurance laws vary by state.

What  Is  A  Variable  Universal  Life  Insurance?
Variable universal life insurance is a security governed by FINRA and an insurance product regulated by the department of insurance in each state. Basically variable universal life has two accounts: the general account with interest rate crediting and the separate account crediting or debiting from equity and bond like instruments, i.e. you can make money you can lose money.The death benefit proceeds generally pass to the policy beneficiaries tax free and the cash values can be used as a supplemental retirement plan.

How  Much  Is  A  Typical  Life  Insurance  Premium?
There really is no such thing as a typical life insurance premium because they vary so much. The price of life insurance depends on your age, your health, your sex, the type of policy you get, and the face amount of the policy. To get an idea of what you might pay for different face amount and types of life insurance policies, there are many online life insurance quote engines to tell you that. If you pick one that gives "instant" quotes, you can run many different options without having to talk to an agent. Just make sure that you do talk to someone before applying so you can be put with the best policy for your particular health.

What  Is  Med  Pay  On  Auto  Insurance?
Medical payment coverage on an auto policy provides that if you or a family member are injured as a result of anything having to do with a private passenger car, whether it be yours or someone else's, you will have financial protection up to a stated amount. If you have this coverage then it is considered primary and you cannot open a claim with your medical carrier until that benefit is exhausted.

Will  Medicare  Cover  Life  Alert?
Medicare does not cover medical alert systems, even if you have a doctor's note / prescription. Most insurance companies won't cover them either. Some states may have their own programs that will help provide financial assistance for medical alert systems - certain criteria may be required to be met before the financial assistance can be provided however.

Is  Eylea  Covered  By  Medicare?
In South Carolina there are several medicare companies that pay to offset yuor total cost of replacing yuor glasses. Original Medicare does not. Medicare Advantage also pays for glaucoma screening and cataract surgery. I do not mean to make this sound like I am recommending that you buy a Medicare Advantage plan because I still think if your budget will allow you to stay with original medicare and have a medicare supplement it may be to your advantage because once you switch to medicare advantage and then wish you had stayed with original medicare you will have underwriting questions

What  Kind  Of  Coverage  Do  I  Need  For  Homeowners  Insurance?
You need all-risk protection. While these policies have a list of exclusions they provide the broadest possible definition for risk and cover most eventualities. This is probably the coverage that your mortgage company will require. There are crucial exclusions such as flood and earthquake. This coverage can be included for an additional premium. Your lender may require that these coverages be added. There are a couple of other options such as replacement cost coverage on contents and water back-up that merit consideration as well.

How  Long  Does  It  Take  To  Be  Approved  For  Health  Insurance?
It has been my experience that it is very quick, can be within a day or 2 depending on the company. Of course it will also depend on answers to the health questions on the application. For an example if there are health issues,underwriting may take a little more time.

When  Do  You  Need  Home  Insurance?
At a minimum, you might need to satisfy your mortgagee. Your mortgagee is most concerned about property because that is the basis for the loan. Next you should consider your own exposure for a law suit. Finally you should consider how it would cost you to replace your home and personal property if it is destroyed. If you have a $200,000 home and $100,000 of personal property, I would suggest that you consider those amounts as the homeowners policy limits and $300-500,000 as the liability limit. Lower limits can leave gaps which will make you very unhappy at the time of claim.

How  Much  Does  Life  Insurance  Cost  For  A  70  Year  Old  Person?
A million dollar policy for a 70 year old preferred non-smoker will be around $9785 10 year term, $14510 15 year term, $21600 for 20 year term, $23828 Guaranteed UL. A million dollar policy for a 70 year old standard non-smoker will be around $12825 10 year term, $22110 15 year term, $25930 for 20 year term, $32840 Guaranteed UL.

How  To  Select  Homeowners  Insurance?
To select the best home insurance policy, select the best insurance agent. Setting the limits is the key to having a satisfactory claim, and that is ultimately what insurance is all about. The agent should help you evaluate your exposure and point out supplementary coverage that you might need. All of this goes to making up a policy that will pay you what you want when you need it.

Who  Is  Eligible  For  Part  B  Medicare?
It depended on your circumstances; whether youre applying when youre eligible to enroll in part B or youre disabled. There are also exceptions or rule accommodations for those with end stage renal disease. The initial enrollment period occurs when you turn age 65 or have been taking Social Security benefits for two years.

How  Much  Will  Medicare  Pay  On  An  MRI?
An MRI would be payable at 80% of the Medicare Approved amount. You will be responsible for 20%, so assuming for example that the approved cost of the MRI is $300 you would be responsible for $60, Medicare pays the rest. Medicare Approved amounts are based on a schedule that Medicare has established. The approved amount will depend on the code the doctor uses when submitting his bill to Medicare.

How  Much  Should  I  Pay  For  Disability  Insurance?
The average cost of disability insurance is between 1 and 3% of one's annual salary. Women pay a little more because they have more frequent and longer claims, on average. If a supplemental policy to boost the income replaced by a group policy, the average cost is 1% of one's annual salary.

How  Does  No  Fault  Auto  Insurance  Work?
Basically no fault means just that! The insurance company pays for its own insured regardless of who may be cited for the accident. Hence the term no-fault, since the insurance company holds neither driver at fault. There are only a few states that have no fault laws in place. Michigan is one, and there are a few others. If you do not live in a no fault state then you cannot get no fault auto insurance.

Can  You  Pay  Auto  Insurance  Monthly?
I am sure that you will be able to find an agent who can write an auto policy that is payable monthly. The monthly premium can be a bit deceptive because states often prescribe the number of days the company has to notify a customer of non-renewal before the cancellation date. As a result the first period of installment may be fewer but higher than subsequent payments.

What  Is  A  Defined  Benefit  Retirement  Plan  And  Why  Are  They  Disappearing?
A defined benefit plan is a qualified pension plan. Participants do not have separate accounts. The benefit is defined in the plan and is usually a combination of years of service, highest or average covered wages, and age at retirement. The reason that these plans are fading is that administrators cannot find investments that will give the yield that existing plans require to keep them solvent.

Can  You  Use  Life  Insurance  To  Pay  For  Funeral?
Yes, you can use Life Insurance to pay for a funeral. In fact, if you are working with a funeral home, they will help with that process. Life Insurance Death Benefits are there to relieve financial stress especially following the immediate death of a loved one. Life Insurance was first created for this particular reason. It was and still is called Final Expense, designed to cover the funeral expenses and other costs associated with and during the grieving process. Now, you can use Life Insurance Benefits to maintain a standard of living, help supplement income, etc.

How  Much  Does  Car  Insurance  Go  Up  After  A  Wreck?
That is going to depend on your carrier and other factors, such as your past claims history. Every carrier sets their own standards on how an accident will affect the rates of a client. Depending on the dollar amount and types of claims that come of the accident your auto insurance rate may not change.

What  Is  Federal  Life  Insurance?
There is federal life insurance offered to federal employees in a group policy, called FEGLI (Federal Employees Group Life Insurance). There is also a mutual life insurance company called Federal Life Insurance Company (Mutual). The company's home office is in Riverwoods, IL, and it sells life insurance and annuities.

Does  Life  Insurance  Go  Into  The  Estate?
If someone names a PERSON as the beneficiary on their life insurance policy, the death benefit does not go into the estate. If they name the estate as the beneficiary, or if the beneficiary predeceases the Insured and there is not a contingent beneficiary, then the life insurance proceeds will most likely go to the estate.

Is  Additional  Insurance  Necessary  When  Renting  A  Car?
The insurance company you currently have your auto insurance with may extend coverage to a rental car. If so you do have the option of waiving the coverage offered by the rental car agency. I recommend you contact your agent to verify if your coverage applies to a rental car since not all polices will extend to rental cars. Also depending on the state you are in there are advantages of purchasing the rental cars insurance. For example if you have a solo car accident the damage will be picked up by the rental car agency and not your own insurance carrier thereby avoiding any potential points that may apply. But again, I strongly suggest you contact your agent if you are not sure that your current insurance carrier will extend coverage to a rental car.

Can  An  Employer  Match  Roth  401K  Contributions?
Subject to any regulatory limitations, an employer should be able to contribute to your 401(k) program if that option is included in the document. Roth 401(k) plans are not available for every employer so you would need to check with your employer. The employer could deduct the contribution as a necessary business expense.

What  Is  A  Single  K  Retirement  Plan?
A single K retirement plan is a one participant 401(k) plan. It is also called uni-k, solo 401(k), personal(k) or individual 401(K). It is a special kind of retirement plan for sole practitioners such as consultants, store owners and freelance writers, but is a regular 401(k) with the same rules as any other 401(k). In the single k retirement plan, the single business owner can contribute as both owner and employee.

Does  Disability  Insurance  Cover  Death?
Right Peggy!! The "death benefit" inside a disability policy is usually limited to a few months worth of the "Monthly Benefit". So if your benefit is $3,000 a month, then you might get 3, 6, maybe 9 thousand in a death benefit. LOOK AT THE LANGUAGE. Does it pay ONLY AFTER you have met an elimination period or is it an immediate benefit? Disability is a very important plan to own. Yet, I know that buying life insurance, buying disability, buying long term care, buying critical illness, & then buying home, auto, umbrella, & more can be very overwhelming.... You might consider buying a Living benefits &/or Hybrid Life insurance plan... These are life insurance plans that you can use BEFORE you die. I have a massage therapist that owns a plan with a death benefit, a $30,000 critical illness benefit, and has a $1000 a month disability benefit. She pays about $43 month for all of this. PERFECT for single mom with a modest income. YES... standalone Disability has more features and better terms... yet the all in one plan allows her to cover a critical illness, a disability, & early death. Reach out with questions :-) -gravy

How  To  Determine  Home  Insurance  Value?
There are several way to do this. I do this several ways and each carrier has a way they like it done. The key is NOT to be under insured in a event of a loss it could cost you a ton of money. There is call a Marshall Swift Program that many agents and carriers use This is use most often when doing a replacement cost value your agent should be asking you things like what type of carpet you have or hardwood or do you have any bay windows and ect. The next thing to use is your state Property tax information which is usually can be found online at your states cadastral. Now the 3rd way in my opinion is not the best way to determine the value which is the selling price and the appraisal that you get when you are purchasing your home. In many cases this has the land value included in it and you can not insure the land you are insuring the structures. The best advise I would suggest is to talk to a local agent they can run a cost guide for you.

What  Is  The  Price  Of  Renters  Insurance?
Renters insurance cost can vari greatly. I would say that on the low end it would cost about $100/yr. If you have your renters policy and auto policy with the same carrier you will normally receive a discount. In some cases the discount for having renters insurance and auto insurance with the same carrier will almost cover the amount for the renters insurance.

Can  A  Health  Insurance  Company  Cancel  Your  Policy?
Yes, but only in certain situations such as you not paying your premiums (the policy would lapse) or if it's discovered you intentionally lied on the application for the coverage (fraud). A policy is a contract - you agree to pay a certain premium amount in exchange for coverage so when a situation occurs that is covered by the plan, the insurance company pays their portion of the claim up to the specified amounts in the policy and any remainder would be billed to you, if applicable. Please let me know if I can be of further assistance. Thanks very much.

Why  Create  An  Irrevocable  Life  Insurance  Trust?
An irrevocable life insurance trust (ILIT) is a legal document set up to distribute life insurance proceeds in a specific manner, depending on how the trust is designed. ILITs receive special tax consideration from the IRS that is not given to life insurance policies that would otherwise be owned by a natural person or revocable trust. Since the trust is irrevocable, the terms of the trust cannot be changed (think of it like putting the contents in a vault and throwing away the key - it can't be opened til the insured dies). An ILIT can offer many substantial advantages to protect life insurance proceeds. It can also help you distribute your property to your children at the least possible cost. If you have a taxable estate, you have a choice - pay the tax with your own money or pay only a fraction of the tax and use someone else's money to pay the rest. If you want to use someone elses money to pay the tax, you can buy a life insurance policy. The type of life insurance policy will depend on the specific circumstances, but is usually a survivorship universal life policy if used for estate tax purposes. The life insurance policy may be secured for pennies on each dollar of tax that you owe. By putting the life insurance policy in an irrevocable trust, the proceeds become available to pay taxes due upon death. A life insurance policy that you purchase will require the same premium whether you put the policy in the trust or keep it outside of the trust. If you put the policy in the trust, the death benefit is not included in the calculation of the size of the estate. This is a huge tax savings, especially if the proceeds are several million dollars. If you keep the policy outside of the trust (e.g., as owned by a natural person or a revocable trust), the proceeds will be included in calculating the size of the estate potentially increasing the size of the estate by a big margin, and you may therefore have to pay much higher estate taxes before any of the property can be distributed to your children or other beneficiaries.

What  Does  Medicare  Cover  In  Massachusetts?
Medicare covers the same basic health care in Massachusetts as in the rest of the country. Part A covers hospitalization, home health, hospice, and some nursing home care. Part B covers outpatient care, medical equipment, some therapy, some prescription drugs, and misc other services and items. Medicare Part D covers prescription drugs. Medicare supplement plans cover some of what Medicare Part A and B does not.

How  To  Determine  Life  Insurance  Need?
That is an excellent question! There are a lot of different thoughts on the answer. I always ask two questions, and one used to drive my uplines crazy, but I always believe client over profit, so I ask. The first is what do you want it to do? The second is what can you afford to spend? It is all well and good to want a million bucks worth of insurance, but if you can't swing the premium payments, then it isn't realistic.We look at what you can safely afford to spend, and then we get the maximum amount of insurance for that amount. If that amount only covers the funeral expenses, it is still a gift of love to your family. If it gets your family financially set, that's even better. Please contact an agent that you can trust and have them help you. If you would like help, please feel free to contact me, okay? Thanks for asking!

How  To  Transfer  Health  Insurance  From  State  To  State?
How do you transfer health insurance from state to state? Well in most cases you don't transfer your health plan, you transfer the fact that you have carried insurance before and should not be subject to pre-existing clauses. That is what "Portability" means. You are able to transfer your history of having insurance to a new insurance plan.

How  Are  Life  Insurance  Benefits  Paid?
Life insurance benefits are normally paid in a lump sum, in regular payments over a number of years, or both (a lump sum with the remainder made in payments over time). When the policy proceeds are not taken all at once, there is interest paid to the beneficiary on the money they have not yet received.

How  Much  Is  Health  Insurance  For  A  Nurse?
If you are buying health insurance as an individual your occupation as a nurse does not impact your premium costs directly. The factors affecting premiums will be your choice of plan (platinum, gold, silver, bronze, or catastrophic), your age, where you live, and your income. There may be premium and cost sharing subsidies based upon income (100 to 400% of the federal poverty level qualify for subsidies). If you are purchasing coverage through your employer, the premium cost is mostly determined by the level of employer contribution.

Can  You  Get  Life  Insurance  If  You  Have  Multiple  Sclerosis?
Yes, most people can get life insurance while having Multiple Sclerosis. As you know, there is such a wide range of symptoms, from virtually having no impairments, to having to be confined to bed. So the type of life insurance you can get with MS depends on your own situation. If you have relapsing remitting MS and are still able to work full time, you should be able to get a medically underwritten policy at a reasonable price. If you are at the other extreme of needing assistance with ADL's, you can get guaranteed issue life insurance if you fit those age guidelines. It is important to use a life insurance agent that understands multiple sclerosis underwriting, and carries a wide range of products, to get your most affordable MS life insurance.

What  Does  Full  Coverage  Cover  On  Auto  Insurance?
That is a good question. "Full Coverage" is an insurance slang term-generally applied to Collision and Comprehensive coverage. I tell my staff to avoid using the term because many clients could get confused and believe they are covered for everything. My suggestion would be to reach out to your local independent agent to discuss the right liability options and physical damage options for you.

When  Can  I  Add  Medicare  Part  B?
You are automatically enrolled in Medicare Part B at the same time that you are enrolled in Medicare Part A if you are receiving Social Security benefits at age 65, you are under age 65 and have been disabled for two years, or you have ALS. If you don't want Part B at that time, you can send in a card indicating that you do not want Part B. To sign up for it later on you should enroll during a special enrollment period to save money. Call Social Security at 1-800-772-1213 to find out if you are eligible for a special enrollment period. If not, you will need to wait until the general enrollment period Jan1 to Mar 31, 2014.

Can  Hospitals  Turn  Away  Medicare  Patients?
If hospitals accept federal funds they are prohibited from denying services to Medicare or Medicaid patients. Under EMTALA rules, hospitals cannot deny services to anyone regardless of their ability to pay, if they arrive and has a critical medical emergency. Almost every hospital receive some federal funding so you should not have a problem.

How  Much  Is  Renters  Insurance  For  College  Students?
--> Normal 0 Before college students consider purchasing renters insurance, which I would refer to as tenant-homeowners insurance, I suggest they make the effort to find out if they are already afforded coverage by their familys homeowners or tenant-homeowners insurance. Students who maintain their primary residence as their familys home should be considered insureds under their parents policy. As an insured, their personal property should be covered anywhere in the world and in particular, at a temporary residence. In many cases, the coverage afforded by the familys policy will better than coverage they could buy on their own. Thats the first place I would check and I would get the response confirmed in writing. There may be limitations and deductibles to consider but in most cases the basic coverage should be adequate to cover most situations. Personal liability coverage should be available as well. For students who are no longer residents of their parents household (emancipated) or for parents who fear the impact of claims on their coverage, a separate policy could be considered. Insurers may be more reluctant to cover students on their own while at school but coverage should be available. A good place to start may be the parents insurer or agent. Basic policies with a $10,000-15,000 personal property limit should cost $200-300 a year. Coverage will be limited to specifically named perils, deductibles will apply and property will be covered for its actual cash value (not the cost to replace an old item with a new one). If replacement cost coverage is available, I suggest you consider adding it.

Who  Needs  Part  B  Medicare?
Almost everyone needs Medicare Part B. Most people think of Part B as just for doctor visits, but the coverage is much broader in scope. Virtually ALL outpatient treatment falls under Part B. Doctor visits, MRI, CT, dialysis, outpatient surgery, ER treatment, infusion therapy. The list goes on and can get quite expensive.

Do  I  Need  To  Enroll  In  Medicare  Every  Year?
No, you do not need to enroll in Medicare every year.However I recommend reviewing your plan annually to determine if it is still the best plan to suit your specific needs. Medicare part D (prescription drug coverage ) should be reviewed as well . For both Medicare Advantage and Prescription drug coverage the enrollment period to make a change in plans is from October 15th thru December 7th.

Is  Medicare  B  Voluntary?
You do have the right to opt out of Part B. Be very careful however. Unless you have group or other coverage equal to Medicare, then you can be penalized for every month that goes by that you were eligible for and did not carry Part B. That penalty will never go away and can get very expensive. I do not recommend opting out of Part B.

Is  Medigap  The  Same  As  Medicare  Supplement?
Yes. Medigap is simply another name for Medicare supplement. They are the same plans - there are no differences between them. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help, including quotes and plan comparisons, and if you have any questions. Thanks very much.

What  Is  The  Best  Life  Insurance  For  A  25  Year  Old?
Life insurance cost depends upon the gender and heath condition of the twenty five year old. Term life insurance can bought very inexpensively. A 100,000 ten year term life insurance cost for a very healthy nonsmoker is $85 a year, the female counterpart $79 a year. Several life insurance companies are within that price range.

Can  I  Get  Health  Insurance  Just  For  My  Kids?
You can get a stand alone plan for your kids now due to the ACA. As long as they are not eligible for CHIP you would be able to purchase a policy in most cases. Contact me or an agent in your area to help you . We are licensed in 31 states.

What  Is  Single  Premium  Immediate  Annuities?
A "single-premium immediate annuity (SPIA)" is an annuity. That is to say, an annuity is defined as an income stream that continues until the annuitant dies when a person pays a lump sum of money (single premium) to an insurance company in exchange for that income stream (annuity). So, the term "single-premium immediate annuity" is a bit redundant. Think of it as taking retirement money from a privately funded pension, except that, in this case, you are funding it with a one-time, lump-sum of money.The important thing to remember is that once you pay the single premium, that money is essentially "gone". You have just "purchased" an income that you cannot outlive.There are all sorts of ways to design the annuity (stream of income). You can get a monthly check, quarterly check, annual check - just about any payment schedule you can think of. You can also have the annuity pay out completely should you die before the original single premium you gave to the insurance company gets paid out. Should you choose that option, you will need to name a "beneficiary" to receive the remainder of the payout.Annuities, in general, are complex insurance contracts and space is not provided here to go into all the details. But, be absolutely certain that an annuity is right for you before you fork over the money because once it is committed to the contract, you either can't get a refund or there are stiff surrender penalties associated with backing out of the deal. Work only with an experienced insurance professional that has a solid working knowledge of what annuities are, how they work, and whether or not it is in your best interest to own one. More advanced knowledge about annuities can be obtained by consumer-friendly websites online.

Is  Golden  Rule  Health  Insurance  Any  Good?
While Golden Rule has had cycles of good to bad, since they were purchased several years ago, they have been stabilized. Several years ago, United Healthcare (UHC)developed a strategy of growth by acquisition. They specifically wanted to go after companies that specialized in the individual market. They acquired two companies - American Medical Security, headquartered out of Green Bay, WI & Golden Rule. For years, American Medical Security had stronger products and were typically more stable. However, with constant legislative changes, both companies struggled. UHC purchased both of them and merged their operations together, creating the new brand called UnitedOne (the name Golden Rule isstill oftenused). In summary, Golden Rule insurancecan be good... check with an independent agent to discuss what plan and company might fityour needs best.

How  can  I  find  out  if  my  Mom  had  a  life  insurance  policy  that  we  could  access  to  help  pay  for  health  care  now?
In Canada and the United States ,for a fee, you can use the Medical Information Bureau (MIB) Policy Locator Service to help you find a lost policy. Some companies have their own searchable databases. You are looking for clues: review bank statements for withdrawals; contact friends; did she have an insurance advisor?; etc. Once found a review of the policy will determine if there is coverage or cash value that could be used. If you have further questions please do not hesitate to contact me.

How  To  Understand  Health  Insurance  Plans?
In 2014 and beyond, under the provisions of the Affordable Care Act, individual & fully insured small to medium sized group health insurance plans will have to fall within four categories referred to as Bronze, Silver, Gold and Platinum. These categories represent an actuarial valuation of how much financial exposure the policyholder has up to a maximum out-of-pocket financial exposure of $6350. It is a gross over simplification but for the average health insurance consumer, the closest I can come to explaining these "Metallic" plan categories is that Bronze represents 60% coverage, Silver equals 70% coverage, Gold equals 80% coverage and Platinum equals 90% coverage. All of these plans, by law, must be guaranteed to be issued by the insurance carrier, cannot be subject to underwriting and must cover pre-existing conditions immediately with no lifetime limits on coverage. In addition, all plans must cover what are referred to as the Minimum Essential Benefits. These requirements range from covering a wide range of preventive care services at 100%, coverage for maternity, mental health & substance abuse along with a variety of other services including pediatric dental & vision to even educating women on how to nurse their babies (how the human race survived for thousands of yearswithout the government providing for such training is a mystery to me). Unfortunately, there really are no simple andconcise ways to explain health insurance plans. Different state regulations also apply and each insurance carrier can design health insurance plans that fall within these four different "Metallic" categories that can vary widely in their appearance. To make an informed choice for your health insurance as an individual or a business it is more important than ever that you seek out the advice of an experienced health insurance broker/consultant who understands the intricacies of the health insurance plans options and their associated costs that are available to you in your specific area.

When  Was  Disability  Insurance  Created?
In the late 19th century "accident insurance" became available, but it did not operate like our current "accidental death insurance". Instead, it operated more like our disability insurance does today. Mutual of Omaha was founded in 1909 and their first policy sold was Disability Insurance. So it is safe to say that Disability Insurance was created over 100 years ago, although I do not know the exact date.

Is  AD&D  The  Same  As  Life  Insurance?
AD&D is short for Accidental Deaty and Dismemberment. This means that if you die due to an accident this insurance may pay a death benefit. If you lose a leg, arm, hand, etc. and survive the accident there may be a benefit paid to you. Life insurance differs in that it pays the face amount when the insured dies providing the cause death was not excluded in the insurance policy. Keith Prim - Dallas, TX 214-435-0791

How  Much  Does  Car  Insurance  Cost  For  A  23  Year  Old?
Insurance Companies price their product without truly knowing what the costs will be. In doing that they look at hundreds of variables to determine a pricing outcome to present to you.In fact it is not uncommon for a specific carrier to have millions of price points in a state. So with that caveat let me try to be more specific. An important piece of the rating will be how long have you been driving? Any tickets or accidents you have ? Whether you live on your own and rent, or are part of a family account with your parents, Or married or single. So it is best to try and get an agent or company to understand your personal situation and then the vehicle that you need to insure.Don't overlook the use of the vehicle. This a very important rating factor. If you commute, be sure your agent or company knows how often you do that. and how far away form your residence you travel. And if you are a student be sure to mention that you have a grade average of a " B" or better, if you do. Advise as well, about any drivers training you took in the last several years. What we see today is greater segmentation of blocks of similar, but different exposures and one thing that you might not realize is that carriers often even price your age in six months increments, meaning you get a better price at 23 than 22 and one half.

How  Many  Annuities  Have  Failed?
I assume that you mean failed as in "did not pay what it guaranteed". Annuities are backed by the claims paying ability of the Insurance company that issued the policy. This is why it is very important to consider the financial rating of the company you use. Since 2008, there have only been 3 "B" rated insurance companies that have failed. There have been more C, D, & E rated companies that have failed, but not many. And most of the ones that did were D rated or worse. Since 2008 there have been no B+ or better companies that have failed.(Actually its longer than that, but the records I currently have access to only go back that far. But I am not personally aware of any insurance companies that were A rated at time of failure) This is why most agents recommend using a B+, or better yet, an A rated company. It is also important to point out that just because an insurance company fails, does not mean the annuity fails to pay. Insurance companies are highly regulated. And the states all have a safety net type system set up to help secure the guarantees made by failing insurance companies. Visit WEBSITELINK for more info on what happens in the event of an insolvency. But it is important to remember that whatever safety net might exist. It is no substitute for a solid financial rating. There are way too many well rated companies to use a poorly rated one.

What  Items  Are  Covered  By  Renters  Insurance?
Any personal property can be covered under a renters policy. Professional equipment isnt covered, nor is business equipment. There are some limits to coverage contained in the policy, jewelry, guns, collections and money being some of them. Normally the items covered are furniture, clothing, appliances and entertainment systems.

Will  Health  Insurance  Premiums  Go  Up?
The current realities that are being faced by insurance companies, doctors, and hospitals are going to unfortunately going to shape the United States healthcare economy for years to come. However when viewing the current trends against the historical forces that have served to mold and evolve the healthcare system I am confident that the free market forces are all persuing courses of action that will slow the current trend of healthcare costs rising at an exponential rate vs. the natural rate of inflation. So in short YES you should expect to see health insurance premiums to continue their current trend over the next several years. There are some finer points relating to healthcare costs and PPACA however I am just giving a brief overview of the industry.

Will  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Stolen  Bike?
A stolen bike is covered under a renter's insurance policy. Theft of personal property is generally covered subject to the limits of your policy. There could be some exceptions so it is always a good idea to ask your agent about the specific theft and what coverage you have in force.

Can  A  Landlord  In  Boston  Require  Renters  Insurance?
That is a great question! A landlord can make it a requirement for the tenants to have renters insurance before allowing them to sign the lease. I have to tell you that they are doing you a favor by requiring it. The complexes insurance will not cover your belongings should there be damage or theft in your apartment, the financial responsibility to replace or repair is all yours. Their insurance will only cover the damage to the building itself. If you were to have a guest become injured while visiting in your apartment, it is your responsibility, not the landlords. By making it a requirement, the landlord is actually getting you to financially protect yourself. Nice landlord! Find a local agent, and buy a policy, they are inexpensive, and well worth it. Thanks for asking!

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  A  Lost  Ring?
Homeowners insurance covers personal property "any where in the world" however, most policies cover personal property on a named peril basis. Unfortunately losing something is not a named peril. Examples of named perils are fire, theft, and lightning. When it comes to jewelry, I always recommend a separate jewelry policy referred to as an Inland Marine policy. Inland Marine policies are "all risk" policies so even if you lose a scheduled item it's covered.

What  Insurance  Do  I  Need  If  I  Rent  A  Home?
If you rent a home, you need.....yes, you guessed it...Renter's insurance! Of course. Since you rent the home, you do not need to provide coverage for the structure. However, your belongings should be covered along with some liability protection as well. Your policy will provide those benefits and many others as well.

How  Much  Does  Health  Insurance  Cost  For  Small  Business  Owners?
Small business plans can be a group health plan covering (usually) 2 or more full time employees or the business can provide individual major medical coverage. Group health insurance plans are usually more expensive than individual plans. For essentially the same coverage, it is not unusual for group health plan premiums to be 2x (or more) the rate for an individual major medical policy. Currently group health insurance plans are implemented when there are a number of employees to be covered and some of them have medical conditions that are impossible to insure in the individual market.

Will  Medicare  Pay  For  Motorized  Wheelchair?
Medicare will pay for a motorized wheelchair if the wheelchair is medically necessary, as determined by a face to face evaluation. The person using the motorized chair must be able to use it safely, must be unable to do one or more ADL's without it, and their home must accommodate it. Finally, Medicare will pay for the motorized wheelchair only if less costly devices will not work to accomplish that need.

What  Health  Insurance  Covers  Lasik  Eye  Surgery?
In the broadest of terms you should assume that a health insurance plan will not cover Lasik as it is generally viewed as an elective surgical procedure used in lieu of wearing eyeglasses or contact lenses. There are case situations though where the use of Lasik may be deemed medically necessary and the claim paid by the insurance carrier. Some examples might be the need for corrective surgery due to an accident or as a result of other surgery. Many health insurance carriers offer vision insurance plans as companion coverage for their individual and/or group medical plans. While these plans generally don't cover Lasik in the vision plan's scheduled benefits the quite often come bundled with a discount or flat fee arrangement for Lasik procedures as a value added benefit. As a result, some persons can or may have some discount arrangements in their existing benefit plans and some may not even really be aware of it of have forgotten about it. Check your coverage certificates and if you have a separate vision insurance plan - especially check those as that is where any possible benefit is most likely to show up. If your employer offers a medical Flexible Spending Account (FSA)and you are planning for Lasik in the coming year then you should definitely consider setting aside pre-tax dollars in a FSA to pay for your costs if you have no coverage at allor for after any cost sharing you might have through any coverage. FSA dollars can be used for a variety of out-of-pocket medical expenses not covered by your insurance up to $2500 per year. So, when you know or are pretty confident you are going to have some level of out-of-pocket expenditure(s) for health care in the coming year you are essentially getting a discount equivalent to your tax bracket for the money you were going to spend anyways. Avail yourself of this option if it is available, if not, ask your employer to consider adding such a plan, it can be in the employer's best interest from a tax perspective as well. Other than the obvious "you pay for the whole thing" option, this pretty well covers the spectrum for the non-coverage/coverage conditions for Lasik in health insurance and how the need is often addressed to some degree in many vision insurance plans.

At  What  Age  Is  Car  Insurance  Cheapest?
OK this is a blanket answer as this can very by company but between 30-55 on average your looking at your best rates depending on driving record of course. Once you start getting older the rates actually start to climb again since by experience reaction time starts to slow and you see a rise in incidents.

Where  Can  I  Find  More  Income  In  Retirement?
There are several steps that a retired person can take to increase their income. The first is to unretire. Retirement is overrated. Working has positive effects on a person and when the work is meaningful it can add years of enjoyment. It can certainly stretch your retirement budget. Even before you retire you can discuss this with your employer to determine if there is some way you can return to the workforce as either a consultant or contract worker. It would be best to determine which aspects of your work you enjoy and what type of projects you want to do. Enter into an agreement to work on those things that interest you. I know a teacher who shows up two periods of day to teach Physics and then gets in his car and drives home. He enjoys what he does and doesnt want to participate in the wider campus life. Sometimes it isnt possible to continue to work for your current employer. In those instances make an inventory of work in which you excel. Armed with that list contact people who need full or part-time help in your area of expertise and offer your services, or contract for your services. If you cannot find an employer who needs your talents consider working for yourself. There are a variety of ways to advertise your skills and there are people looking for your talents. If you want to try something altogether new there are franchise opportunities available. These opportunities run the gamut from stores to on-line services and sales. Finding a program that suits your capabilities and temperament should be relatively easy. Some of these opportunities can become quite lucrative. I have clients who are leaving their employment long before retirement because their on-line sales business is flourishing. Obviously working provides income and it also reduces the number of years that you will depend upon your retirement savings to provide income. If you are drawing retirement income this will give you money which you can put into a Roth IRA to fund the period when you finally do stop working altogether. One of the most important things that working does is to allow you to delay receiving social security. For a long list of reasons it is usually to a retirees advantage to delay the start of benefits until they reach age 70. The increase in benefits is substantial to the worker and to the widow it is amazing. Working provides a great deal of emotional satisfaction and a sense of freedom. Another technique to increase your retirement income is to tap into the equity of your home. Regardless of whether the mortgage is paid or not, you can take out a reverse mortgage after age 62. A reverse mortgage will allow you to tap the equity in your home. This is a complex transaction and the only transaction that I can think of where an applicant must be counselled by a disinterested party. It is the right move for some, though and could make your retirement more comfortable. Another way to stretch your retirement dollars is to determine what you own of value that you no longer need. If what you own can be converted to cash it might help stretch your retirement income assets. Selling things on the internet is relatively inexpensive and can be quite fruitful. I advertised an accordion on the internet and was besieged with interested buyers. Estate sales demonstrate that there are things that are not being used by the retirees that are of interest to the public. Often cars are no longer being used, undeveloped land lies idle and jewelry lies unused in a safe deposit box. Another way to stretch your retirement income is to determine what services are available to seniors in your location that cost you money currently. Many places offer discounts and sometimes services can be free. Even utilities companies participate in programs to lower costs for seniors. With almost 50% of retirees depending on Social Security for their retirement income it is very important to understand how you can stretch that income and even increase it.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Impacted  Wisdom  Teeth?
The answer to this question can depend on the nature of your wisdom teeth removal. Most claims for extractions are sent to your dental insurance first, not your health insurance. If the wisdom teeth are what's called 'boney impactions', the claim will be sent to your health insurance company to coordination benefit with your dental plan, since that treatment is covered under health insurance.

What  Qualifies  For  Medicare  Benefits?
Persons who qualify for Medicare benefits will have paid Medicare taxes at least 40 quarters (10 years) over their working lives. Most people qualify for Medicare when they turn 65. People who have been disabled for two years can receive Medicare under age 65, as can most persons with end stage renal disease or ALS. What qualifies for Medicare benefits are illnesses, hospitalizations, medical equipment, home health care, hospice and limited nursing home care. All of these must be within strict Medicare guidelines and by Medicare approved providers.

Why  Do  People  Purchase  Annuities?
Assuming youre addressing non-qualified annuities, people purchase annuities for a variety of reasons: tax deferral, lifetime income you cant outlive and interest rates that beat the bank. But you first need to establish a personal financial profile that includes a risk tolerance assessment, defined financial goals, an estimate of your life expectancy and a determination of your effective tax bracket. This will assist you in your product suitability self-examination. The higher the effective tax bracket rate, the more you should explore annuities. The power of tax deferral can be significant over many years.

How  Much  Will  Insurance  Pay  Me  For  My  Car?
If your car is considered totaled then a good indicator would go look at NADA>com or Kelly blue book online this would be a close estimate as to what they will give you now if you decided to keep the car you can do that also but you will get less cash for your car from the claim. Another way you can do this is make sure that you know the value of your auto you can call car dealerships and they can tell you what the car was worth prior to the accident. Insurance is to indemnify not to put you ahead. What you think your car is worth may not be as much as an adjuster thinks so be prepared and have a realistic value for your auto. Also if you had optional permanently attached equipment make sure that your policy had that listed or you may not get the value of that included. Hope this helps My best suggestion is to talk to you agent they should be able to help you with determining the value.

How  Long  Will  Life  Insurance  Last?
Life insurance will last as long as you purchase it to last. The longer the coverage, the more the premium usually is. However, when you lock in the premium for a long period of time at a younger age and while having good health, it can be cheaper in the longer run.

Why  Can'T  Health  Insurance  Be  Sold  Across  State  Lines?
Under the current system, health insurance can not be sold across state lines. But would it make a big difference in healthcare costs? Probably not that much. Tort reform, however, may substantially reduce rates as would a healthcare system based on the HSA concept with state high risk pools. Maybe some day...

Is  Interest  Earned  On  Annuities  Taxable?
There are two basic types of annuities, qualified and non-qualified. A qualified annuity would be a traditional IRA for example. You can deduct contributions from your taxes each year up to a specified amount. Once you begin taking payments, you pay taxes on the payment amount. A non-qualified plan is not tax deductible but the interest is tax deferred until you withdraw the funds. You will pay taxes in either case it is just a matter of how and when.

How  Much  For  Long  Term  Disability  Insurance?
The cost of long term disability insurance is different for everyone. it's entirely dependent on the company you choose, your occupation, your age, sex, monthly benefit, elimination period etc. When you speak with your agent (find one in your area or online), have them provide you with multiple quotes from a few different carriers to see your options. If it's too pricey, tell them what you'd be willing to pay and they can try to adjust your benefit accordingly.

Is  Medicaid  The  Same  As  Medicare?
No, Medicare is a health insurance program for those who have paid Social Security taxes for at least 10 years throughout their lives, or some others who qualify due to being disabled for 24 months, having end stage renal disease, being the spouse of a qualified individual, or a few other reasons. Medicaid is a health program for persons of very limited assets and income.

What  Does  A  Life  Insurance  Drug  Test  Test  For?
Some life insurance companies have been increasing their drug screening to the Drug 5 Panel/Drug 8 Panel in response to the increasing use of illegal drugs. The 5 panel drug test detects cocaine, PCP, marijuana, opiates, and meth/amphetamines. They also test for nicotine/cotinine and alcohol. No Exam policies do not conduct blood or urine tests.

Can  You  Claim  Disability  Insurance  On  Taxes?
If you have a business plan that includes executive benefits and one of those benefits is disability insurance, you can elect to deduct it and increase your benefit to around 80% of your compensation, but the benefits will be taxable at ordinary income tax rates. Consult your tax adviser before moving forward with the deduction.

When  Will  Medicare  Start?
For most people, Medicare Part A and Part B will start when you turn age 65. If you don't want to receive it then, you can opt out of it, but most people do take Part A at age 65, even if they are still working. At age 65 you can also choose whether you want to enroll in a drug plan or Advantage plan.

Does  Unemployment  Cover  Health  Insurance?
Although unemployment does not technically offer health insurance, there may be other valid options, including: 1. COBRA continuation of coverage, which the unemployed person recently had on the prior employer's group plan. 2. HIPAA portability coverage 3. Medicaid for those with low income, for which the unemployed person may qualify 4. A private insurance policy, known as an Individual / Family plan 5. A private short-term policy to cover the gap between jobs, or the new-hire waiting period imposed by the new job. 6. A conversion policy, in some circumstances 7. Options in various states for high risk pools or guarantee-issued coverage. It is important for you to consult with an expert insurance agent/broker in your state, because acceptance of one of these options may disqualify you for another one. It is important to know your rights to coverage, the eligibility rules for that coverage, and the timeframes and deadlines that apply.

What  Is  A  Flexible  Premium  Adjustable  Life  Insurance  Policy?
A flexible premium adjustable life insurance policy refers to a universal life (UL) policy. A flexible premium means that you can pay the minimum premium required to keep the coverage in-force, or you can pay a higher premium to have a portion of your premium earn interest and accumulate cash within the policy. The type of UL policy you purchase will dictate how interest is credited to your policy. A UL policy can be a great solution if you are looking for a policy to only provide a death benefit or as a way to accumulate cash to use for college funding or tax-free retirement income.

How  Do  Life  Insurance  Companies  Determine  Rates?
In my career, life insurance companies seem to price their profitability margins against the actuarial tables of the 2001 CSO and create rates based on their actual mortality experience and predicted policy lapses. It is not a science. The pricing difference between companies can be 25% among the top 35 carriers, so it pays to shop.

Is  AAA  Term  Life  Insurance  Good?
AAA Term life insurance has the same guarantees of most Term life insurance. As of June, 2012, their company's AM Best rating is A-. To compare rates with AAA Term life insurance, go to a website offering instant life insurance quotes. Also, be sure to review the health requirements needed for AAA life insurance before applying. If you apply and are declined, it will go on your MIB and could make it more difficult to purchase some other life insurance policies.

What  Is  The  Donut  Hole  In  Relation  To  Medicare  D?
The donut hole (doughnut hole) is the risk sharing portion in Medicare Part D. Medicare beneficiaries with Part D coverage will reach the donut hole in 2014 when their combined drug costs for covered drugs hits $2,850. When you reach the donut hole you pay a little over half (52.5%) the cost of your brand name meds and 72% of generics.

Can  You  Take  A  Loan  From  Your  Life  Insurance  Policy?
If you own a permanent life insurance policy that has accumulated cash values, you may be able to borrow money from it. Policy performance can vary and some policies surrender charge provisions may apply. And keep in mind that there are policy loans charges as well. The policy must be kept in force for the life of the insured or all policy loans of gain and internal policy loans will re-characterize as phantom income and taxed as ordinary income in the year of lapse or termination.

Do  Federal  Employees  Have  Disability  Insurance?
Up until recently, federal employees were not offered short term disability or long term disability insurance. If a federal employee was disabled for over a year and met the length of employment guidelines, they could take advantage of a disability retirement program. However, federal employees are now offered a choice of disability plans through FedAdvantage to fill in the gaps in their federal benefits.

How  Does  Medical  Expense  Insurance  Differ  From  Disability  Income  Insurance?
Medical Expense Insurance and Disability Income Insurance are both morbidity insurance products. Medical expense insurance pays for bills incurred through the hospital stays, visits to the ER or doctors office. Disability income insurance is paycheck protection and generates income during periods of disability.

Does  Life  Insurance  Cover  Illness?
Life insurance does cover death due to illness. It will pay the face amount upon the death of the insured person whether they passed from illness, accident, or old age. Life insurance does not cover expenses associated with having illness while still alive, unless the life insurance policy has a "living benefit" feature or rider designed to cover certain types of illness.

How  Can  I  Buy  Life  Insurance  For  My  Parents?
That is a great question! It speaks well of you, that you are concerned enough for them to be willing to buy their policies for them. The first step is to make sure that they are willing to allow you to do it. If they do not willingly sign the applications, and understand what they are signing, the policies won't be issued, or there will be serious issues when you go to file the claims. If they are good with it, find an agent that can help you find a policy that best suits their health, age and financial needs, and your budget. Good luck, and if you would like help, feel free to contact me. Thanks for asking!

What  Does  Assignment  Mean  In  Medicare?
Medicare assignment means that your medical provider agrees to the Medicare fee schedule and will allow Medicare to pay them directly. Most providers accept assignment which makes it easier on them and you. When your medical provider accepts assignment you can rest assured you will not be balance billed for excess charges.

What  Is  The  Right  Car  Insurance  Coverage?
The right car insurance will be wrong for one person and the best option for another person.Confused? Sorry. Let's try this: Everyone's "right" coverage is different. The variables such as cost, coverage and policy benefits are going to be different for each person. An experienced broker can compare all of the options and show you what is the "right" plan for you. That is...what policy costs the least, but offers the best benefits.

I  want  to  get  12  million  policy  per  person  can  I  do  that  and  how  much  would  it  be  monthly?
That is a great question! There are companies that will write you, certainly, and you will have willing agents lining up on your gated mansion doorstep looking for that business. For that size policy, you need to expect for some things to happen, that wouldn't for smaller policies. You will have a med workup like no other; They will want a financial statement verifying that the amount of coverage is warranted, and some iron clad ID. It will take longer than the ordinary policy to underwrite and process also, so if you are looking for it to be done quickly, I'd advise you to not expect that to happen. Call me, I'll help you get those puppies written! Thanks for asking!

What  Are  The  Coverage  Characteristics  Of  Disability  Insurance?
Some other characteristics include the following: 1. Occupational class: A category the insured falls into based on their job title and specif duties. The occ class dictates the premium. 2. Rating: This comes when an underwriter approves an application, but with a higher than normal premium because the insured is a higher risk (typically due to their health history, smoking history, weight, etc.). The rating can be anything from 15 to 100% more in premium, though it can often times be reconsidered after a few years if the client loses and keeps off weight, stops smoking, etc. 3. Cost of living rider (COLA): This optional benefit increases the disability benefit by a certain percentage, typically determined by the latest Consumer Price Index.

How  Does  An  Indexed  Insurance  Product  Work?
Video Transcript: Hello everyone, I'm Steve Savant, syndicated financial columnist and host of the weekly online talk show, Steve Savant's Money: The Name of the Game. I'm answering questions from insurancelibrary.com and today's question is, "How does an index insurance product work?" Well, let's say you wanted to buy a house. And you weren't really sure if you wanted to buy it, so you rented the home and you gave them a $5,000 check on the side to give you the right to buy it. At the end of the year, you saw the neighborhood decline or you didn't like the neighborhood. You could exercise your right to move out. You'd lose your $5,000, but that would be it. If you like the house and it appreciated in value, then your $5,000 was a good investment and you went ahead and you purchased the home. So depending upon the value, this works similarly in index products. In index insurance products, you have two ways to go. You can use an indexed annuity or you could use an indexed life insurance contract. Both of these work similarly to the posture I've given you as a basic example of buying and renting a home. Well, that's our consumer question for today. If you have any questions, just submit them to www.insurancelibrary.com.

Who  Offers  The  Lowest  Auto  Insurance  Rates?
It's pretty simple; those who are comparing the most number of quotes are the best way to get the lowest auto insurance rates. Again you want to get as many quotes as possible online and off line. Discounts and other offers make your auto insurance policy cheaper if you qualify. Here are a few good driver discounts, vehicle safety discount like alarms and Onstar, also low mileage can help but you may need proof that you drive very low miles per year. Good student, college degree, good credit and occupation. Try this out when shopping around; you should save money with these tips.

How  Much  Does  Group  Disability  Insurance  Cost?
The price for Group Disability Insurance must be obtained from the business for which you work. Your employer may pay part or all of the premium, or it could be paid for completely by employees. Group disability insurance is not able to be purchased apart from the group (employer) through which it is offered.

Who  Is  The  Best  Company  For  Life  Insurance?
There is a list of consumer check points youll want to consider along the discovery process in selecting a life insurance company. 1) There are six rating services. Some measure financial stability, others claims paying ability. 2) The policy generally has two sets of rates, current company practice and contractual guarantees. 3) There are several spreadsheets posted on brokerage web sites that rank premium pricing, so you can an idea what the best cost is. 4) There are three basic planning aspects to life insurance. No one company dominates these planning categories: indemnification, income and inheritance. 5) Your health will be assessed during the due diligence process. Several companies are known for their benevolent underwriting practices which can result in a significant savings. You have to shop these five check points to ensure the best deal tailored to you.

Is  Whole  Life  Insurance  A  Tax  Shelter?
That is an excellent question! There are definitely ways that your life insurance can be used as a hedge against taxes. You will pay a lot more up front, but with careful planning, you can reap some sizable tax advantages. For example: With careful planning, the value of the death benefit can be excluded from estate taxes; by paying larger premiums into a policy like a UL, or indexed UL, you can create a very large cash value that can be withdrawn tax free as an income until it is used up; and in cash value policies, even if you withdraw more than the premiums you've paid in, the amount is considered a loan, and again is tax free. There are dangers in doing these things, so you want to consult a good agent or tax advisor first, okay? please contact me if you need help, and thanks for asking!

How  Much  Homeowners  Insurance  You  Need?
How much homeowners insurance you need is enough to cover a total loss to your home, other structures and your contents. Also you will want liability protection, loss of use and guest medical coverage. Best advise is consult with a local independent agent who can help you determine your specific needs and find you a policy that will fit.

Where  To  Buy  Credit  Life  Insurance?
Credit life offered by the financial institution is a life insurance policy that PAYS THEM in the event of your death. However it is not only more cost effective for you to purchase your own life insurance policy to cover that debt, but it PAYS YOU. While looking into covering that debt, other debts and considerations could be addressed to ensure your total financial needs are covered and you can live every day to the fullest with the peace of mind that your loved ones will be taken care of financially and live in their hearts forever.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Replacement  Windows?
Homeowner's policies vary a lot, so the only way to know for sure is to file a claim. Having said that it probably depends on what caused the windows to break. If it was something sudden and accidental such as a windstorm, vandalism or an accident with a baseball then you are probably covered. If the windows need to be replaced because of old age, then you probably won't be covered because of the wear and tear exclusion.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Pest  Control?
Most insurance companies exclude coverage for routine maintenance such as pest control. Most insurance companies will not pay for damage caused by birds, vermin, rodents, insects or domestic animals. There may be exceptions to that exclusion when the damage is hidden.

Is  Annuity  Distribution  Taxable?
In most cases yes, you will pay income tax on your annuity income. Since most people use annuities to fund their retirement when income is usually lower, the tax will be according to the reduce income schedule. Funds in an Annuity are tax deferred until you begin taking withdrawals. If the plan is a qualified plan such as an IRA, you can deduct the amount of your payment from your income each year. The IRS has special rules set up for when you begin taking withdrawals and the minimum distribution. Again, you will pay taxes on the distribution.

What  Is  Skilled  Nursing  Care  Under  Medicare?
There are three levels of Nursing Care, Skilled, Intermediate, and Custodial. Skilled Nursing care requires that you need the services of a licensed professional and that your health can improve by utilizing those services. For example, physical therapy, occupational therapy, and speech therapy would fall under those categories. Custodial Care means that you are not going to improve. You just need the assistance of others to perform certain activities of daily living. Medicare only pays for Skilled Nursing and is limited to 100 days.

How  Much  Renters  Insurance  Should  I  Carry?
That is a great question! To answer it really simply, you need enough to cover the cost of your stuff if it were to be destroyed, and enough liability to cover if someone were to get hurt in your apartment ( or you were the one who caused the destruction) and decide to sue you. Hopefully that wouldn't ever be an issue, so generally the balance of your decision lies with the value of your stuff. To come up with that number, ask your agent if they have a value calculator, and then adjust that figure as needed, or go old school and list everything ( brooms and garbage cans included - everything that you would have to replace) and its approximate value. That total is what you want as a starting point for your coverage. I hope that helps, thanks for asking!

What  Is  Traditional  Life  Insurance?
Traditional Life Insurance is Whole Life that has cash value and is guaranteed to remain in effect for one's entire life, as long as premiums are paid. Term life is not considered traditional life insurance, per this definition. However, sometimes Term life insurance is sometimes referred to as "traditional term" when offered by some group policies. This does not mean that these Term policies have a cash value.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Septic  System?
Sometimes. It really depends upon the terms of your insurance contract. If a covered peril occurs (e.g. explosion) and it damages your septic system or a pipe leading into your home from the sewer that could be covered. In this instance you will have to peruse your policy for a specific exclusion to septic/sewer damage to see if your claim will be denied. If your septic system just stops working, however, there is no coverage for this. Normal wear and tear or just age is not a covered peril. That could be a warranty claim against the manufacturer. I hope this helps.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Roof  Damage  From  Snow?
In most case, yes, your homeowners insurance would cover roof damage from the snow. While it is possible that you have specific exceptions in your homeowners policy that I am not aware of, generally speaking, roof damage is covered by your policy. I would recommend you contact your insurance agent and cover the information with him/her BEFORE filing a claim, though. Depending on your homeowners insurance deductible, it may be a better option to have the repairs done yourself rather than having a claim on your insurance record.

Which  Medicare  Advantage  Plan  Is  Best  For  Me?
The only way to answer your question is to research what your options in your county are and determine what you consider to be best. Some people will consider the lowest premium to be best. Others will want the lowest exposure to large co-pays and deductibles. The RX coverage is important to other people. Work with a good local insurance broker to understand all your options.

Does  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Cover  Alzheimers?
Yes, Long Term Care Insurance does cover Alzheimers in most situations. If someone has Alzheimers Disease while applying for Long Term Care Insurance, they will be denied. But if the Alzheimers develops after the policy was purchased, cognitive impairment is one of the triggers for Long Term Care to begin the countdown to making payments.

What  Type  Of  Auto  Insurance  Covers  Hit  And  Run?
Most people expect coverage for damage caused by an unknown vehicle to be in their uninsured or underinsured motorist coverage, however, that is not the case. If the source of the damage cannot be identified, it will be covered as a collision claim subject to the deductible in the policy.

Can  I  Get  Disability  Insurance  If  I'm  Already  Pregnant?
Yes you can get disability insurance once you are already pregnant, but your current pregnancy will not be covered. Many insurance companies do not ask pregnancy related medical questions on the policy application. Policies purchased through employers often do not ask these types of questions. Any non-pregnancy related illnesses along with accidental injuries would be covered. Most policies will exclude losses for any preexisting medical condition. The exclusion typically lasts for twelve months. Future pregnancies may be covered depending upon the elimination period you choose.

What  Is  Cashing  Out  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
When most people talk about cashing out a life insurance policy, they are talking about surrendering the policy for the cash value available, paying no more premiums, and terminating the policy so that a death benefit will no longer be paid when death occurs. In contract, a cash loan can be taken from a cash value life insurance policy, and if paid back with interest, the policy's death benefit will stay in effect.

Is  Requiring  Health  Insurance  Unconstitutional?
Requiring health insurance is not unconstitutional, although many persons would disagree. Is ip unpopular? Absolutely. Approximately half (or more) of US adults do not like the idea of forcing consumers to purchase healthcare. In 2014, if you do not buy coverage, you will have to pay a special tax that the IRS will attempt to recover from you. An experienced broker can help you find the cheapest plan in your area. We also help you determine if you are eligible for a federal tax subsidy.

Why  Do  I  Have  To  Pay  For  Medicare?
Because the government says so. I am sure it seems illogical, that you pay Medicare taxes over your working lifetime and then when you turn 65 you have to pay again. Medicare Part A is "free" for most beneficiaries, but since B is optional it seems fair you should pay something.

Does  Farmers  Do  Renters  Insurance?
Great question! The answer is yes, they do. They are actually one of the top insurers in the business. Call your local agent for quotes and coverage, and be sure to check out a couple of other companies just to compare what they offer. A tip - ask about replacement cost, vs. actual value. If you would like to know more, please feel free to contact me. Thanks for asking!

What  Type  Of  Auto  Insurance  Coverage  Do  I  Need?
At a minimum carry the auto liability insurance required to operate your car in your state. If you can, carry enough liability insurance to protect you and your assets in the event of a collision. If your lender requires physical damage insurance, you will need to have that coverage as well. If you have significant assets consider an umbrella policy to raise the limits of liability to multiple millions in the event of a catastrophic crash.

Where  Can  I  Compare  Car  Insurance  Rates?
You can compare car insurance rates through experienced brokers and/or their websites. Often, you can instantly (or within minutes) compare the lowest prices in your area from the top-rated insurers. When you utilize the help of a broker, there are no fees and typically, you are going to save time, money and aggravation. I have been a broker for more than 32 years and of course, maintain one of the premier auto insurance websites in the US. After helping thousands of consumers, of course, I could never guarantee that you will save 10%, 40% or any other amount. However, there is no question that consumers across the US do tend to get better pricing when they utilize services of a professional.

Can  You  Deduct  Disability  Insurance  On  Schedule  C?
If you are self employed and paying the cost of your health and disability insurance then it may be tax deductible. It is always good to consult your tax adviser for your individual situation however since each situation is different. For example, some people operate a side business and file a schedule C. Their insurance is paid through an employer. In this case, even though they file Schedule C, the premiums they pay may not be deductible.

Why  Change  Ownership  Of  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Ownership of a life insurance policy is generally changed for estate tax purposes so the proceeds are not included in the calculation of the estate. This is commonly seen in placing the policy in an ILIT (irrevocable life insurance trust - the trust becomes the owner and beneficiary of the policy, controlling how the proceeds are distributed). Ownership may also change because the owner passed away (if the owner is not the insured on the policy).

What  Is  Not  Covered  By  Renters  Insurance?
A typical renters insurance policy can contain many exclusions and these exclusions can vary from carrier to carrier. Flood damage and intential acts are typically not covered by renters insurance. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and the exclusions contained within or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

What  Do  Life  Insurance  Agents  Do?
A life insurance agent provides coverage to families in the event of the loss of a loved one. This helps protect the family assets, as well as helps the family to maintain the lifestyle that their family has not only worked their whole lives for, but has become accustomed to.

Is  Non  Owner  Car  Insurance  Cheaper?
Well it depends really. Non owner insurance is primarily designed for those who have lost their license and are in need of insurance to obtain their license back from the DMV. In some cases the individual does not have a car but still needs insurance so a non-owned policy is issued.

What  Does  Life  Insurance  Test  For  In  A  Blood  Test?
A life insurance blood test, along with a urine test and medical records, are used to assess the risk to the life insurance company for offering you insurance. The blood test checks for any illegal drugs, prescription medications and any health conditions you may have.

How  Many  Years  Of  Term  Life  Insurance  Should  I  Get?
How many years of term insurance you should get depends on what you want the coverage for and for how long. If it is for a short period of time then yearly renewable term might make sense. If you need coverage for longer then a 10, 20, or 30 year term could fit the bill. Most term coverage is renewable at the end of the term and will expire at stated age (age 85 for example). Often it is convertible to a level premium permanent plan. The are many options and factors to consider. An independent life insurance broker, representing several companies, can help you find the right policy at the right price. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Does  Metlife  Sell  Annuities?
Yes. Met Life does have annuity products that they sell. They have a variety of products and have a good reputation in the business. They are also highly rated and have been around for a while. This is an important factor when looking for an annuity product that you want to buy.

Would  Guardian  Whole  Life  Insurance  Be  A  Good  Investment?
Assuming youre addressing Guardians participating whole life insurance, the answer is, it is not an investment. It could be characterized as a supplemental retirement savings plan, if the policy is designed with the minimum base amount with the maximum (TAMRA compliant) term rider and paid up additions rider (if available.) Keep in mind that some of their products may use direct recognition policy loans which could impede the distributions when compared to similar participating whole life policies.

Can  A  Disabled  Person  Get  Medicare?
Yes. If you are under 65 and after you get disability benefits for 24 months from Social Security you will be automatically enrolled in Medicare Part A & B. You can also get a Medicare Supplement or Medicare Advantage plan at that time. Keep in mind you will get one other Open Enrollment period when you turn 65. This is important because you can switch to a different Medicare Supplement effective the 1st day of the month you turn 65. There is no underwriting for this one time period so any disability you have will not be a factor in getting a Medicare Supplement plan.

What's  The  Average  Car  Insurance  Price?
Great Question. A car insurance policy cost on average about $500-$900 a year. A lot of factors make up the price for the policy. Type of car, Age of the driver, location of the car, driving record. Also the coverage you pick will change the price of the policy.

How  Quick  Can  I  Get  Car  Insurance?
It's easy to get car insurance. Here's what you need. A car! Assuming you have a car, now you need a valid driver's license. And hopefully, you're a careful driver! And, if all information is provided, you can have coverage within hours! Next, it's important to compare auto insurance rates from top-rated companies. An experienced broker can quickly determine what companies offer you the best prices, down-payments and coverage. You can easily apply online or in-person. As a broker with more than 32 years of experience, finding affordable car insurance is always a concern of consumers. Fortunately, many carriers do offer low cost options. Finding them is where a broker can help. At no cost, of course.

Can  I  Transfer  My  Life  Insurance?
Yes. You can transfer the ownership of your life insurance policy to someone else. One reason that people change ownership though is to try to keep it from counting as an asset when qualifying for Medicaid. In those cases, it only works if you transfer it 5-years or more before applying for Medicaid. You can transfer the ownership to a funeral home for a 1st day exemption from Medicaid but you don't want to do that with a large policy because Medicaid will get any money that is not used for the funeral. You can also transfer the beneficiary from one person to another.

How  Much  Should  Health  Insurance  Cost  Per  Month?
How much you should be paying is a hard figure to try and quantify. The average cost in the country for a health insurance plan is $328 per month - however, this is only reflective upon a silver level plan (not all 2014 state figure averages are available yet). While you can try to come up with an "average" cost, there's too many factors that go into premium pricing to say how in relation that compares to you. In short, an "average" premium is a rather useless figure to the individual. It's only representative to a large group - you could have people paying a small nominal amount (after factoring in subsidies) per month to several thousand dollars per month. Even for that there's a ton of information to sift through to get an accurate representation. Under the new Affordable Care Act, you have the options for bronze, silver, gold, and platinum level plans (as you go up in metal, the price goes up, but provides better benefits) - some areas also have a catastrophic plan available. In addition, your age is a big factor as well. The younger you are, the cheaper your premium - the older you are, the higher your premium. Also, if you use tobacco products, your premium can be increased up to 50% as well. You may be able to qualify for a subsidy that can be used to reduce the cost of your health insurance premiums. I always recommend consulting with an experienced broker. We can help you determine the plan that's going to be most suitable for your needs and budget. Please let me know if I can be of further assistance. Thanks very much.

Is  A  SEP  A  Qualified  Retirement  Plan?
Yes it is. A SEP A Qualified Retirement Plan meets the requirements qualify under Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA). SEP tax deductible contributions can be up to 25% of compensation not to exceed $51,000 for 2013. There may be cost of living adjustments made to SEPs if the government continues its historical annual increase.

Does  Geico  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Flood?
Renters insurance (and Homeowners Insurance) does not cover flood. It will cover water damage due to sewer backup if the appropriate endorsement is in place. It may also cover water damage due to pipe breakage depending on the cause of the break. If you live in a flood zone you need to look into your State Flood Insurance program.

Why  Is  It  Important  To  Have  Home  Insurance?
Because if you do not have homeowners insurance and a catastrophe should strike your home you more than likely would not be able to financially afford to repay the mortgage and pay to have the home rebuilt. The other side is the liability coverage afforded by the homeonwers insurance policy. The other considerations are too numerous to list her. Contact a lcal agent to discuss coverage availability and pricing in your area.

Will  My  Health  Insurance  Cover  My  Pregnant  Daughter?
If your daughter had health insurance at least a year before she got pregnant them yes, it will be covered. Read the fine print on the policy.If she tries to get insurance after discovering she was pregnant, then it is considered a pre-existing condition and she won't be covered unless there is a complication during labor.

Our  Grandson  Lives  With  Us  And  Has  Insurance  With  Step  Dad.  He  Had  An  Accident,  Are  We  Responsible?
First of all, I hope everyone is ok from the accident. Well, there are a few questions that you need to ask and you need to take a look at the auto policy. How long has your grandson been living with you?Take a look at the policy to see ifyour grandson's name listed on the policy as a named insured. Here is how "you and "your" is defined in the policy: 1. Those named in the declarations, and 2. The spouse of the person(s) named, if they are a resident of the SAME household a. Living in the same household as "You", or if not living in the same household as "You", he or she isconsidered "You" unitl the earlier of: 1. 90 days after a change in residency 2. The effective date of securing his or her own coverage 3. The date the policy expires A "Family member" is defined: 1. A resident of your household who is: a.related to you by blood, marriage, or adoption b. is a ward or foster child. Now thatyour grandson lives with you, the insurance company is wanting to add him to your insurancebecausehe is a "Family Member" of your householdand not his step fathers.You need to discuss what you would like to happen with your current agent. The insurance company may offer a solution and have you sign a driver exclusion form that would specifically exclude your grandson from your policy.

Is  Esurance  Car  Insurance  Any  Good?
I have been an agent and a manager of agents since 1972. I have worked as a captive career agent and have managed captive career agents and I have owned several independent insurance agencies, been an independent claims adjustor. Have seen just about any claim you would think of from kid falling of a tractor, to an idiiot getting mad and raming other vehicles, all types of animals damaging property, people burning the cars, homes, rv, atv and stealing of every thing possible, intentional shooting of people, etc, etc. Not once did I see or encounter a bad company. Seen a lot of employees who were crooks or jerks or idiots with god complex. State Farm had employees that were cheating their medical claimants in California But they were caught and the company paid dearly. Not read or heard one back thing about Esurance, however, I sure do recommend a local agent to be their on your side

What  Exactly  Is  A  Medicare  Advantage  MSA?
Medicare Advantage MSA is a rare duck. Essentially a high deductible Medicare plan coupled with a savings account . . . much like the HDHP + HSA for the under age 65 crowd. With the Medicare MSA you enroll in a high deductible Part C plan that does not pay until you have satisfied your deductible. You have the option of funding a tax favored savings account to cover some of your out of pocket expense.

What  Medical  Questions  Are  Asked  For  Life  Insurance?
The medical questions that are asked for life insurance are about the same as if you were filling out the medical form to see a new doctor. They ask whether you have any health conditions surrounding the heart, kidney, liver, reproductive system, stomach, etc. Whether you have depression, dementia, neurological disorders, congenital conditions, or anything that doesn't fit inside a tidy category. In addition, the life insurance application asks about medications, whether you have had any hospitalizations in the past years, if you are awaiting test results or upcoming surgeries in the near future, or whether your parents passed from certain disease at a young age. It might seem like a lot, but once you are approved, you know that your life insurance policy will stand up. If you are concerned about whether your particular health can be covered, just call a good impaired risk agent. There is no need to go through the entire process when you may be able to get the answer on the phone in 5 minutes.

What  Is  The  Difference  Between  Mortgage  Insurance  And  Home  Insurance?
Home insurance protects your home and your possessions against accidental loss or damage. You can find an agent to help you determine your needs very easily. Mortgage insurance could mean one of two things. PMI or Private Mortgage Insurance allows you to take out a larger loan from the bank than you might normally qualify for. This is because the insurance company is promising to pay the bank money if you can not pay your mortgage for some reason. This is usually provided through a company that works with the bank. MPI or Mortgage Protection Insurance is a type of term life insurance. This insurance pays off your mortgage if you die or, depending on the plan, are unable to work. You can find a local life insurance agent who can help you with this plan.

Is  Auto  Insurance  Expensive  In  Michigan?
I'll apologize first, but I have to disagree with Brandon. Auto insurance IS expensive in Michigan. As of 30 days ago, we have the second highest auto insurance rates in the country. This is kind of surprising if you compare the statutory coverage in Michigan. We have two things that drive up our costs. First we're one of 26 no-fault states. Secondly, we're the only state in the US that has unlimited lifetime personal injury protection. If you're injured in a car accident in Michigan and you're covered by an auto insurance policy, you'll receive unlimited lifetime medical benefits as well as work loss benefits. I personally know people who have been injured in a car accident and been receiving medical care for over 25 years to the tune of over $5,000,000. You'd think we'd have the highest rates in the country. Now, just because the average rates here are higher than some other states doesn't mean YOU have to pay higher rates. There are many factors that determine the cost of your insurance and you can do things to help reduce your cost. Find a good agent and he/she will be able to tell you how to manage your rates.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Hurricane  Damage?
Most homeowners policies do not have exclusions that would apply to the damage caused by a hurricane to the residence. If water enters the house through a normal door or window, coverage would be excluded. If a wall collapses and water enters the house, the personal property would be covered. There could be a restriction on the way that the loss of roofing material, art, stamps, money and jewelry is handled.

Is  It  Worth  It  To  Get  Disability  Insurance?
That is a really good question. With money tight, and tons of choices to make as to what to spend it on, insurance is often one of those choices that gets put off making. Too often, we think, I'm healthy, or it'll never happen to me, or I have time to think about it later, and then life happens, and it's too late. The purpose of disability insurance is to help protect your income if something were to keep you out of work for a significant period of time. If you can find a policy that you can afford, that will cover you at least for a short period of time, you might be able to avoid being one of the 60% who go bankrupt because of medical emergencies, and the loss of work. If you have a solid financial plan, with your three month savings, and some liquid assets, maybe this isn't something you buy; but if missing a month of work would sink you and your family, then perhaps it's worth it to look into. I hope that helps, thanks for asking!

Is  Employee  Life  Insurance  Deductible?
Yes you can deduct premiums for life insurance premiums paid on a group life insurance plan that you offer your employees. You can deduct premiums that pay for up to $50,000 in death benefit to your employee. If you have employees to whom you offer more than $50,000 in death benefit, you can continue to deduct the premium, but the employee will need to recognize the cost of insurance above $50,000 as income (this is referred to as imputed income). If the employee does not do this, than any death benefit above $50,000 would be taxable as income to the beneficiary.

How  To  File  A  Life  Insurance  Claim?
To file a life insurance claim, first call the life insurance company, or ask the agent who sold it to do so for you. Sometimes the funeral director will do this for you. They will send you a claim form. Send the completed claim form back with a certified death certificate. The insurance company will process it and send you a check.

Does  Medicare  Part  D  Pay  For  Revlimid?
First, may I suggest you go to www.rxhope.com. Click "medication search" and type in Revlimid. That may solve all your problems in a nutshell. Otherwise, technically medicare doesn't cover most drugs... you buy a drug program separately. I've looked in several formularies and revlimid is listed, but you pay 25%, which is a fortune. Revlimid is very expensive, so you would go in the donut hole (and come out of the donut hole) almost immediately. I suggest you contact a seasoned agent in your state to explain all of that to you. But again, rxhope may solve your problems. Good luck!

What  To  Do  If  Homeowners  Insurance  Denies  A  Claim?
Contact your local agent or your carrier's claims representativeto file an appeal with them. Explain to them the reason you believe that the claim should be covered if possible reference policy language that backs what you are saying. Your carrier will then have to take another look at the claim that was filed. The insurance carrier in most instances wants to insure that the client is compensated appropriately for a loss. Nobody really wants an unhappy client.

Does  Cvs  Accept  Medicare  For  Flu  Shots?
Flu shots administered by CVS are typically covered by Medicare Part B as long as the person receiving the flu shot has not assigned his/her health benefits to an HMO (Health Maintenance Organization). CVS is an approved Medicare provider of flu shots and the shot can be given right at the pharmacy location.

Why  Is  Life  Insurance  A  Good  Investment?
Life insurance is a responsible thing to purchase and provides invaluable protection but I would not refer to it as an investment. First and foremost, 75 million US families rely on life insurance because of what it does: Provide a tax-free death benefit to protect people and businesses using discounted dollars. The cash value in permanent life insurance is a valuable secondary feature which helps keep premiums low for later in life when the pure cost of insurance would be prohibitively high. The internal rate of return on the cash value can be projected based on current assumptions and should compare favorably to other conservative long term savings products but won't likely compare favorably to investments subject to market risks. As basic savings vehicle, insurance cash value is important. In fact, 20% of long term savings in this country are in life insurance and annuities which form the foundation of savings for millions of families.

Can  I  Have  2  Separate  Car  Insurance  Policies?
You can have two different car insurance policies although most times, there is no advantage to splitting up coverage. Often, a multi-policy discount may be lost or reduced, although not all carriers will do this. In some cases involving youthful drivers with bad driving records, splitting may be very advantageous.

How  Much  Car  Insurance  Should  I  Purchase?
Often this question is approached by, how much can you afford? I would like you to think of it as, How much can you afford to lose. I have been driving over 50 years. I have had one minor fender bender 46 years ago. Had I never purchased insurance (in California I have the option of posting a bond or cash) I would have saved approximately $90,000. However, a recent accident involving a pedestrian struck in a cross walk resulted in a settlement of over $750,000. I couldnt have afforded the settlement, so I paid the premiums. What can you afford to lose? Buy the insurance that will protect you from those amounts that you cannot afford to lose. If you can qualify for an umbrella consider limits in the $1-2 million range. In our lawsuit happy society that is not being overly cautious.

Will  Medicare  Cover  Wigs?
In most situations, Medicare does not cover items that are cosmetic in nature, but there are a few exceptions. Medicare recognizes that part of the healing process and recovery from cancer radiation treatment is the need for the patient to feel normal again. If hair loss is due to cancer therapy, Medicare will usually cover at least some of the cost of a wig.

How  Soon  Can  I  Claim  On  Home  Insurance?
Talk to your insurance professional if you have suffered a loss. Discuss the terms and conditions of your policy and include an understanding of your policy deductible. Provided the damage is caused by named peril in your policy, your Insurance Professional should be able to open your claim for you right away.

How  Much  Does  Long  Term  Care  Life  Insurance  Cost?
The cost of long term care insurance varies so much that it is impossible to answer that question. It varies according to the age, health, smoking status, and build of the applicant. It varies according to the type of policy, length of coverage, elimination period, and policy features. It varies according to where you live and what company you buy it from. One way to find out a general price for each age is to look at the federal guidelines they use for tax exemptions. Otherwise, calling a long term care specialist is the best way. The can give you a range of prices and features and help you pick the best choice for you.

What  Does  Face  Amount  Mean  On  Life  Insurance?
The face amount means the amount of money that will be paid to the beneficiary when the insured person passes away, or when the policy matures. In term life insurance, the face amount is the amount of life insurance that was purchased.

How  Much  Is  An  Eye  Exam  Without  Health  Insurance?
I depends on where you go. It could be anywhere from $75 to $200. You need to call around in your area. Walmart usually has good prices on basic eye exams. You will pay more for an ophthalmologist than an optometrist. Unless you think you have a problem such as cataracts, an optometrist can prescribe you with no problem.

What  Is  The  Health  Insurance  Portability  And  Accountability  Act  Of  1996?
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (commonly known as HIPAA) protects patients medical information in that your personal information cannot be shared with another party without your authorization. The other aspect of HIPAA that most people are familiar with is COBRA. COBRA allows you to continue employer coverage for a while after your employment has terminated. Under the affordable care act, coming off of group coverage does grant you a special enrollment period as it's a qualifying event so you would want to compare options between COBRA and plans available on the individual market - an experienced health insurance broker can help you with this. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

How  Does  Life  Insurance  Check  For  Smoking?
Fully underwritten life insurance requires blood and urine tests for a variety of medical items. Urine analysis can detect smoking behavior by testing for cotinine a byproduct of tobacco in cigarettes. Cigarette smoking can impact your life expectancy, so the life insurance company charges more because your life span is less based on the statistics of smokers.

How  To  Make  Your  Own  Retirement  Plan?
While I was in High School, I played sports. We had a great football and wrestling program. While I would like to believe the reason it was so great was because of yours truly ... That would be untrue! Point being, it was great coaching that created a great team and great success. You can certainly 'create your own awesome retirement plan' - but wouldn't it make sense to do so, with the help of great coaches? I think so!

Does  Auto  Insurance  Cover  A  Boat?
Auto insurance will not cover a boat. In order to properly cover or insure your boat you would need boat insurance. However in most cases your auto insurance liability will extend to the boat and trailer while they are attached to yourvehicle The boat and trailer will not be covered for physical damage but should you be backing up the boat for example and hit an object or person there would be coverage for the other party from a liability standpoint. Talk to your local agent about protecting yourself when you have your boat in the water or in storage with boat insurance.

What  Do  I  Need  To  Get  Home  Insurance?
The most probable scenario on why you absolutely need home insurance is that your mortgage company requires it. They want to ensure they get their money back in the event of a loss. If you are in a position to where your home is paid off then that is another story. However, by not carrying home insurance you are subjecting yourself tounnecessary risk. Your home insurance not only provides coverage for that home which you worked so hard to pay off, but also provides protection against liability. Meaning when the neighbors kid breaks his arm playing on yourswing-set and his parents want to sue you. Without home insurance, the neighbors may be the proud new owners of your home!

How  Can  You  Lower  Your  Disability  Insurance  Premium?
The first place to start is to examine any riders on your disability insurance policy and weigh the economic value of the provision. If the economic value is not worth the money, then consider dropping it from the contract. You can change and/or extend the elimination period or the length of the benefit. Those two items can also deliver premium savings. If youre healthy, you may consider shopping your disability insurance policy to several companies to see if there is any premium savings to be had. But before you do anything, consult with a disability expert who can walk you through these alternatives and their ramifications.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Pet  Damage?
Bad dog! Fido! How could you do that? No Beggin Strips for you for a year and you can forget about that brand new diamond-studded flea collar. And...you're sleeping in the garage tonight, not in your bed upstairs! OK...Back to the question. Often, the liability portion of your policy covers damage that your pet may have caused to other persons outside of your home.

Can  I  Add  My  Parents  To  My  Health  Insurance?
You can only add your spouse and your children to your health insurance policy (and a child you are a legal guardian of). Your parents must be on their own health insurance plan (if you're under age 26, you can be added to their's, but not the other way around). I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

What  Is  The  Minimum  Amount  Of  Car  Insurance  Needed  In  Pennsylvania?
In Pennsylvania the minimum liability coverage requirements for auto insurance are: $15,000 per incident with a $30,000 maximum and a $5,000 personal property.

How  Much  Is  Car  Insurance  For  21  Yr  Old?
Age alone is not a consideration for rating an auto policy in California. Experience is the rating factor. There are several levels of inexperience and a 21 year old would probably find themselves in the latter two levels which make their premium a little less severe. Once the driver has completed eight years of driving experience they normally receive a standard rating and keep that until they are much older in which case the rating starts to increase a bit.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Falls?
That is a great question! Your answer will be found in your homeowners policy, and the details of the accident. If the fall was due to some fault of yours, on your property, then hopefully your liability portion of your policy has you covered. But not all policies are the same, so you may want to contact your agent and have them give you your answer. Good luck, and thank you for asking!

What  Happens  When  Your  Car  Insurance  Is  Cancelled?
I will keep this brief - nothing good. From the date on your cancellation notice you no longer have physical or liability coverage. Meaning, no one will pay for your car to be repaired and if you injure someone else on the road you have no liability suit protection. Furthermore, if you live in Michigan, like I do, driving without no-fault insurance subjects you to a penalty of $200 - $500 and up to three points on your license. Finally, if you lease your car and it is part of the agreement to maintain full coverage, lapse in the coverage is a breach of the contract and can cause the car to be repossessed.

How  Much  Is  A  Medicare  Deductible  For  2013?
The Medicare Part A deductible for 2013 is $1184 per admission. Once you satisfy the deductible, Medicare covers all approved inpatient charges in full for the next 60 days of that hospital admission. If you are discharged within the 60 day time frame and readmitted within 30 days to the same or a different hospital for the same condition you do not have to satisfy a new deductible. If you are admitted for a different medical condition you must satisfy a new $1184 deductible.

How  To  Make  A  Claim  On  Renters  Insurance?
If you have renters insurance and you have a claim the place to start is to call the claims department of your current carrier. This number should be located on your policy declaration pages and possibly your billing statements. If you do not have the paperwork handy contact your local agent and they can help get you the information that you need.

What  Is  Health  Insurance  Exchanges  In  The  Affordable  Care  Act?
The health insurance marketplaces (exchanges as they were originally referred to) are a creation of the Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) and the first exchange based plans were effective on January 1, 2014. The marketplaces are set up under either direct state supervision or are managed by the Federal government is the vast majority of states. Their purpose is to provide a web site based means for people to comparison shop between health insurance plan options, determine if they qualify for any premium subsidies and/or cost sharing reductions, and enroll in a health insurance plan. The stated objective of the health insurance marketplaces was to get more people covered under health insurance, enhance competition and to lower health insurance costs while improving overall coverage levels. While we have seen some reduction in the numbers of uninsured Americans we have also seen a shift in coverage from middle class to lower income Americans. It is debatable as to whether the competitive landscape has changed significantly and the general perception is that most people's benefit levels have decreased while their net costs have increased. The main reason a consumer would want to make use of the government health insurance marketplace would be if they are in the income range (100% to 400% of the Federal Poverty Level) where they would qualify for subsidies of their health insurance premiums. A person can only receive premium subsidies for approved health insurance plans purchased through the marketplace in your state. Even in this case, you should seek out the guidance of an experienced health insurance agent to explain the products you are considering purchasing.

Why  Is  Car  Insurance  Important  To  Have?
An automobile is an expensive investment. An automobile can be a deadly instrument. When you own and operate an automobile you are accepting both of these major risks. In addition people will travel inside your car and you are responsible for them as well. If you have an at-fault accident with serious injury to the occupants of the other car, occupants in your car and damage to both vehicles, the price can be astronomical. Things could be even worse.

How  To  Purchase  A  Medigap  Policy?
You can purchase a Medigap policy on line, direct from the company, or through an agent. The premium will be the same no matter which you choose. I recommend using an experienced agent familiar with all of the plans available in your area. When choosing a plan do not just go by rates alone. While the coverage is the same because plans have been standardized, some companies have a history of going into a state with very low rates and then within two years raise the raise 30 -60%. If you don't mind changing plans every year and your health remains good then you might save a little money initially, but in the long run it could cost you money. Find a competitive plan that has a history of stable rates. A good agent can help you with that.

Can  You  Be  Forced  To  Get  Renters  Insurance?
That is a great question! You cannot be forced to get renters insurance, but the landlord can make it a requirement for you to be able to rent from them. You can always choose to rent somewhere else. But I'd want you to think about it for a second. Why should you have it? The landlord has insurance, but it doesn't cover any of your belongings. If your apartment caught on fire, His insurance would cover the building repairs, but you and your neighbors' belongings are another story. And the liability for the fire may leave you open to a lawsuit for the repair bill. Renters insurance is relatively cheap, and can save both you, and your landlord, a ton of grief. That's why they want you to have it. If you would like some tips on what to look for, please feel free to contact me, I'm happy to help. Thanks for asking!

Where  To  Get  Term  Life  Insurance?
That is a great question! There are a great many companies that would be happy to sell you a policy. My advice when asked this question is always the same - shop on a quick quote site, to get an idea of the lowest cost offered ( because the internet sites will give that to you to sucker you in) and then go find an independent agent ( one not tied to a specific brand) who can get you the best realistic price on the best policy. If you would like help, please feel free to contact me, I'd be happy to help. Thanks for asking!

Does  Applying  For  Auto  Insurance  Hurt  Credit?
Applying for auto insurance or shopping around for a better rate does not impact your credit score. Many car insurers pull your credit report and consider your generic risk score when determining what rate to charge. When this occurs a soft inquiry is noted on your report. Soft inquiries are visible only to you when you review your personal report. Soft inquiries are not seen by lenders, or used in calculating your score.

Can  You  Use  A  PO  Box  Address  For  Car  Insurance?
As a mailing address yes, but not as your physical address. In almost all cases your auto insurance rates are based in part on your physical address zip code. To ensure that you are receiving the proper rate for the risk that the carrier is accepting when providing you with coverage they need to know where you garage your vehicle amongst other information.

Can  I  Get  Disability  Insurance  With  A  Preexisting  Condition?
If you do have a pre-existing condition, it's possible that that particular condition would be excluded. For example, if you have had several knee surgeries, it's most likely that they'd exclude your knee. Don't forget that if you get denied for DI due to a pre-exisiting condition, you could still possibly receive critical illness insurance.

Why  Exactly  Does  Life  Insurance  Underwriting  Take  So  Long?
If you are applying for a policy that requires an exam, there is the chance that the underwriter will want to see your medical records. As an impaired risk life insurance specialist, I have seen several cases take nearly 6 months due to the complexity, amount, and elusiveness of those applicants' medical records. This is what I have learned, to help speed up the process. 1) Put all the doctors you have seen in the past 5 years on your application, and include the doctor who diagnosed your most serious health conditions. Delays often happen because records are received, but then the underwriter notices that the patient was referred to someone else during that time. Getting all your doctors noted at the start does not necessarily mean the insurance company will order records from all of them, but at least it gives underwriters the opportunity to pick and choose which ones they want, so they order them in a timely manner. 2) Do your exam quickly. Putting of an exam for months sets back the whole application process. Sometimes medical records are not even ordered until the exam is done. 3) Warn your doctor or clinic that they will be getting a request for your medical records, and ask them to fill the order ASAP. You might even want to collect your own medical records to speed things up, if that is allowed. 4) Provide additional details in a timely manner. Sometimes insurance companies will see something on your MIB or MVR or application that will cause them to need more information. Answering that extra question, filling out that extra form, or doing whatever needs to be done, can eliminate unnecessary delays. 5) Don't jump to another company without talking it over with your agent first. Give him/her a chance to find out where the logjam is, and get it cleared up. If you cannot get answers from your agent, it's OK to switch, but close your first application out, or transfer it to someone else. Otherwise, you may end up applying for the same policy with two different agents, and that can cause further complications and delays.

Can  I  Terminate  My  Health  Insurance?
You can terminate your individual health insurance at any time. Simply call your insurer or broker and request a cancellation. The effective date and other details can be easily handled. If it is a group plan through your employer, contact the HR administrator to formally request termination. They will explain the earliest date you can cancel the plan.

Can  Annuities  Be  Put  In  A  Trust?
Assuming youre addressing non-qualified annuities, the short answer is yes. Most financial planners who use annuities and estate planning attorneys need a compelling reason to place an annuity in a trust.There are three items that could be a disadvantage of holding an annuity in a trust: trust expenses,at the death of the annuitant, a grantor trust might trigger a taxable distribution event and the potential tax uncertainty of an entity holding ownership of an annuity.

What  Is  Optional  Term  Life  Insurance?
Optional term life insurance is additional coverage that you can buy through your employer that is above the amount of life insurance benefits provided through an employee benefits plan. Your employer typically pays the premium for the coverage through the employee benefits plan and you pay the premiums for any "optional" term life insurance that you buy.

Can  I  Cancel  My  Health  Insurance  At  Any  Time?
You can cancel your insurance anytime BUT you need to be aware of the new rules regarding when you can enroll in a new policy. The ACA rules have made it so you can only enroll in a non group based health plan during open enrollment which runs from November 15th to January 31st. You will not be able to enroll in a plan outside of that period without a special election period. Cancelling your current insurance is voluntary loss of coverage and not a valid election to enroll in a new plan. The big misconception is people think you can only enroll in an ACA "Obama care" plan during open enrollment but the rule applies to non ACA plans as well. In other words, if you cancel your current insurance, be prepared to wait until the following January until you can be enrolled in plan again.

What  Is  The  Best  Medicare  Drug  Plan?
The "best" Medicare drug plan is the one that fits your needs and budget. Sometimes paying more will result in lower total annual costs, sometimes not. I have a husband and wife as clients. Husband takes about a dozen drugs, some quite expensive. The wife takes 4 drugs and none of them are terribly pricey but they are not $4 generics either. As it turns out the "best" plan for her runs about $80 per month while his plan (coincidentally with the same carrier) is about $50 per month. If she chose a lower priced plan her total annual costs would rise by several hundred dollars. If he opted for the more expensive plan like she has, his total annual outlay would also increase. The formulary is the driving factor in both these situations.

What  Affects  Life  Insurance  Rates?
If your question is what affects the stability of life insurance rates, the answer is, not very much. Life insurance rates are based on multiple millions of lives and death rates are predictable. A dramatic change in the financial markets could affect life insurance rates if the companies cannot earn the necessary returns to maintain their promises. A dramatic epidemic could affect rates. Recently rates were affected by regulation. These changes are generally small.

Why  Is  Health  Insurance  More  Expensive  For  Women?
In past years, health insurance was typically more expensive for women under 50 due to the cost of medical care compared to men of the same age. After 50, rates were typically higher for men, who tend to begin incurring higher medical bills than women after age 50. Since the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, the cost for coverage for people of the same age can no longer be based upon their sex, meaning the cost of coverage for a 40 year old man would be the same as the cost for a 40 year old female to purchase the same policy.

What  To  Consider  When  Buying  Disability  Insurance?
When buying Disability insurance you need to consider how many years you want it to last, how many months you want to wait from incurring the disability until you receive the first payment (elimination period), and how much of your income you want to replace. You need to consider features like whether it will pay if you are able to go back to work but not are not back up to your old wages (residual disability), whether it will pay if you cannot perform your own occupation, and whether it has a cost of living rider. Finally, you need to consider your budget and how much of the above you can afford, then pick out the features that are most important to you.

How  To  Get  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
There's a short answer to this; just call me! (sorry, I could not resist!). I think an answer that you may find more useful is when shopping for long term care protection, make sure you are talking to a broker or financial adviser who specializes in this area. There are several product solutions available that provide impairment or long term care protection, over and above the traditional LTC policy. For instance, there are term life insurance products that have what is known as living benefit riders, there is permanent life insurance products that have LTC riders, there is single premium LTC that has a life time 100% money back refund guarantee, and there is asset based LTC, which uses an annuity for retirement planning, coupled with an income rider that has impairment benefits. As you can see, it can become quite complicated; therefore you need an experienced professional that will provide objective advice, based on your individual needs.

What  Is  Colorado  Cobra  Health  Insurance?
COBRA (the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act) is a program that was passed to allow people to continue group health insurance that would otherwise have been terminated. The most common users of COBRA are employees who leave their job where they had employer-sponsored health insurance, usually after being laid off or leaving the group on their own terms. COBRA coverage can be kept for up to 18 months and is only available to individuals and families covered under a plan with more than 20 employees enrolled. Your premiums under COBRA coverage are 102% of the total cost of insurance this is important because many employers pay for part of the cost while the employee is still working. COBRA election applies to each person individually that is covered under a given health plan. Since health insurance is guaranteed issue under the affordable care act, you do not want to wait until your COBRA coverage expires to look for a new policy. Doing so can cost you a lot more money unnecessarily. Consult with an experienced health insurance broker to compare your options and see which plan option will best serve your needs. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

What  Is  Cash  Value  Life  Insurance?
Video Transcript: What is cash value life insurance? Cash value life insurance can either be in participating whole life, it can be in current assumption universal life, it can be in index universal life, or variably universal life; those are the 4 cash value products. We always have to pay the policy expense loads first. Once those are paid, we can take the crediting from that, whether its interest rate, dividend, or whatever it is, we credit that into the policy cash values and they accumulate. During the accumulation, it's tax-deferred. When the money comes out, providing that the policy is kept enforced for the policy insured's life, those proceeds, withdraws to basis or policy loans to gain, can come out tax-free.

Does  Progressive  Provide  Renters  Insurance?
Great question! I do not deal with Progressive, but I have used them in the past, and I'm fairly certain that their focus is on Auto insurance specifically. You can call and see for certain, but I have never met an agent of theirs that sold anything but auto. Thanks for asking!

When  Should  You  Contribute  To  A  Roth  401K?
The Roth IRA is the retirement investment of choice when you think that your marginal tax bracket will be higher when you retire than it is now. The Roth IRA is funded with after tax income. The distributions from the Roth IRA (subject to some requirements) are income tax free. Few people appreciate that during the working years they are frequently in a very low tax bracket because of deductible expenses and that when they retire those deductions dont necessarily continue.

Why  Would  You  Need  Renters  Insurance?
If you want to protect yourself and your family against some potential financial hardships due to accidents and you rent a premise then you would want renter's insurance. Renters insurance typically provides personal liability coverage, personal property coverage, and loss of use coverage. The personal property coverage may be subject to a policy deductible.

What  Is  Required  By  Law  For  Auto  Insurance?
It depends on the state you live in. The state of Ohio requires a minimum of $12,500 per person/ $25000 per occurrence on the liability limits as state minimum coverage. You may also have a financial responsibility bond which takes the place of auto insurance. If you do not have the state minimum insurance you can lose your license.

Can  My  Husband  Remove  Me  From  His  Health  Insurance?
Yes, absent some court order, there is no mandatory requirement that a husband or wife provide health insurance for their spouse or children. When one spouse could drop their spouse from their health insurance will depend upon whether they are covered under an individual health insurance policy or a group health insurance policy and, in the case of coverage under a group policy, whether the employer uses a Section 125 plan providing for employees to pay their share of health insurance premiums on a pre-tax basis. In the group policy setting when employees are paying their premiums on a pre-tax basis then changes to coverage are limited to the annual open enrollment period or change of life status events (e.g. - marriage, divorce, child birth/adoption, loss of other coverage). So, you and your spouse can't have a fight over the weekend and the your spouse walks into work on Monday and drops you from their group health insurance just out of spite. With individual health policies it is easier to change the coverage level at any month of the policy period. Now, thanks to ObamaCare, which somehow managed to not define a spouse as a dependent for health insurance purposes (remember "We've got to pass the law to find out what's in it" from Nancy Pelosi?). This has changed the potential status of spouses being defined as eligible dependents under the personnel policies of some employer's group health plans. While relatively few employers have dropped coverage for spouses entirely, many employers are beginning to adopt personnel policies that require that employee's spouses who are employed and have health insurance coverage available through their employer to enroll in their employer's health plan or some are assessing a penalty or extra charge to spouses who don't enroll in outside coverage through their employer's plans. This may create a situation where a person may misunderstand that they are being forced off their spouse's health plan due to a decision by the spouse's employer and not the employee themselves.

Does  Life  Insurance  Test  For  Nicotine?
Yes, life insurance does test for the byproduct of nicotine, called cotinine, in the urine and/or blood that is tested for a life insurance exam. Cotinine is a more reliable indicator of actually smoking a cigarette than nicotine is, as sometimes nicotine tests can detect second hand smoke. With tobacco such as cigar or pipe, a very few companies will disregard cotinine in the blood or urine as long as it it disclosed on the application and there has been no cigarette usage in the past few years. Other than that, the insured person who tests positive for nicotine/cotinine will be rated as a Smoker.

About  How  Much  Is  Homeowners  Insurance?
A homeowners policy is written individually for each unique home. While there may be averages for a block of policies that wouldnt provide you with much information. To determine the cost of a homeowners policy contact a trusted insurance agent. If you dont have an agent, get recommendations from friends, colleagues or neighbors. The agent should listen to what you have to say, offer meaningful advice and communicate accurately with you and the company. Whatever you pay for the policy it will be insignificant if you must file a claim. Setting appropriate limits is the most important thing an agent can help you with. If at the time of claim, you discover that your coverage was inadequate you will not be pleased.

Does  Life  Insurance  Affect  Medicare?
No, life insurance does not affect receiving Medicare. When someone has paid into Medicare long enough to be eligible for Medicare benefits; and is age 65, or disabled for two years, or one of a couple other ways to start collecting Medicare; one's assets do not affect one's eligibility at all.

Can  I  Refuse  Medicare  Coverage?
You can postpone signing up for Medicare if you prefer to - most people who do this are still working and on their employer group health plan. Even if you're still working and on group coverage, once you retire/leave your group plan, you'll have a special enrollment period to sign up for Part A and Part B (a.k.a. Original Medicare). Part A is premium-free for most people so they'll start this one up regardless when they turn 65. If you're not on a group plan, keeping an individual health plan will be very expensive. If you want to have healthcare coverage and are 65 or older, a combination of Original Medicare (Parts A & B), a Medicare supplement plan, and a Part D plan will offer a very predictable healthcare expense structure.

What  Is  The  Best  Drug  Plan  For  Someone  Taking  Around  $300  Per  Month  In  Prescriptions?
I assume that these are not being covered by insurance or the $300 per month cost you refer to is your portion of an insured claim. I'd suggest shopping around and trying out several of the new Prescription Discount Cards that are on the market now. Some 6 million people have those and they are free and can often provide huge savings at the counter. Try some and show them at the counter and see if there is a savings. Also try them at different drug stores as drug prices vary wildly among sellers in the $300 billion prescription drug market.

Why  Purchase  An  Immediate  Annuity?
That is a great question! Generally the purpose of an immediate annuity is to provide an immediate supplement to one's income. They are often funded by money received through a settlement, inheritance, or some other form of large windfall. A way to stretch that windfall and prevent blowing through or outliving it is to put it into the annuity, and receive it in regular payments. It is a good way to protect yourself, and the money. Thank you for asking!

Can  Health  Insurance  Cover  Breast  Implants?
Health insurance does not generally cover cosmetic surgery, so if the reason for the implant isjust breast enhancement then no it would not usually be covered. If the reason for the implant is reconstructive in nature due to a covered illness or accident then the implants may be covered.

How  Much  Is  Home  And  Contents  Insurance  On  Average?
Home and contents insurance, on average, is approximately $200-$1000 per year, depending on how much coverage you have. For example, a home with the dwelling insured for $90,000 will cost far less than a home with the dwelling insured for $500,000. There are many other underwriting variables that also must be considered.

Does  My  Car  Insurance  Cover  Uhaul?
Policy provisions vary by company but in most cases a U-Haul would not be covered by your auto insurance company since most U-Hauls are not of the private passenger type. The best thing to do is call your agent on this one so the agent can confirm if there is coverage and on the type of vehicle you will be renting. Otherwise I highly suggest you purchase the coverage from U-Haul upon renting the vehicle.

How  Much  Is  Disability  Insurance  A  Month?
It depends on your gender, age, health and the amount you want to protect. A rule of thumb for healthy midlife earners is 5- 8% of your compensation based on the average no frills disability insurance policy that can pay 60% of your pay tax free, up to 80% of your pay if you deduct the disability premium as a business expense.

What  Is  A  Good  Life  Insurance  Rate?
A good life insurance rate would depend on the type of life insurance you get and your age and health. If you are getting 10 year term and have to reapply every 10 years, then paying 1% of your annual salary would be a good rate in your 20's, if you have excellent health. If you are in your 60's, paying 10% of your annual salary for 10 year Term would not be a bad rate, even for a person of excellent health. If you purchase permanent insurance, you may start out paying 10% of your salary in your 20's, but then by the time you reach your 60's, the policy is paid up and you owe nothing.

Why  Should  Everyone  Have  Health  Insurance?
Your question boils down to a matter of social and self responsibility. Life presents all of us with unknown risks that a reasonable person should seek to manage to the best of their ability. An unexpected illness or injury and the costs associated with treating those conditions is one of life's risks. Health insurance is a risk management tool that a person should use to mitigate their personal financial exposure in such situations and to not pass off on to their fellow citizens the costs for providing your personal health care needs. Of course, there will always be those people whose personal financial situation or pre-existing medical conditions make it impossible for them to to take proactive steps to manage the financial burden of their health care. Traditionally, these people have been helped by friends and family, charities, religious organizations and our government safety net programs such as Medicaid and the Childrens Health Insurance Program (CHIP). But in simple terms, it should be your individual responsibility to prioritize your life to be as self sufficient as possible and to not be a burden to your fellow man. Health insurance is a crucial tool in achieving this objective.

Can  Renters  Buy  Flood  Insurance?
You don't have to be a building owner to purchase flood insurance. Renters of an apartment or house can purchase flood insurance for personal belongings in their rented home, just as business owners who lease commercial space can purchase flood insurance for business property in their leased business location. And if your home or business is located in a moderate-to-low risk area for flooding, you may be eligible for coverage at a preferred rate. Preferred Risk Policy premiums might be more affordable than you think. Now is a great time to contact your local agent or broker to learn more.

How  Much  Life  Insurance  Is  Adequate?
This varies for each person. A lot of variables go into the calculation of determining how much life insurance you need, how long you need it, and what is an appropriate amount to actually secure. A life insurance calculator can help with this. A few things to get you started when calculating out what you need and how long you need it for are: 1) Do you have a mortgage? If so, how much is left on it and how many more years do you have to go until it's paid off? 2) Any final expenses you want paid off (e.g. burial expenses, credit card debt, medical bills)? 3) Education expenses for you or a family member you want to pay off (such as college tuition) 4) Income replacement - this is a big one! A question to think about here is how much income would be needed if you died today and how long would your family need it to maintain their current lifestyle. An insurance agent/broker can help you with this and make it a much smoother, easier process. One thing to also note, a lot of people think "once i'm retired, I won't need life insurance anymore so I can just buy term insurance and let it go when I retire" - there are many many many reasons why you should have life insurance during your retirement years. For example, if you're receiving a retirement pension and you die, the pension income may stop and not continue onto your spouse (if you chose the pension max option over the survivorship option when you started receiving benefits) - this can also apply to social security income. That's just one scenario.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Incontinence  Diapers?
As Peggy indicated, Medicare Part B does not cover incontinence diapers. This means there are no discounts, even if you purchase from a Medicare approved DME provider that accepts assignment. Many retailers such as Target and Walmart will carrier adult diapers and have good pricing. You should also consider warehouse clubs such as Costco and Sams as well as online retailers including Amazon.

How  Is  Whole  Life  Insurance  An  Investment?
Whole life insurance is permanent insurance. It retains the same premium throughout your lifetime. It also builds equity. It is generally not considered an investment but a financial tool. However, the truth is that by building equity, it clearly also is a type of investment. You can borrow against it, and actually never pay it back, and keep the money tax free. You can use the money for retirement, or to buy a home. But buying life insurance should primarily be to protect your family and those you love! Thank you. GARY LANE.

Does  Obamacare  Affect  Life  Insurance?
Obamacarewill not effect life insurance, which is sold in the free market andunencumberedby federal intervention. Interestingly, the US Department of Health and Human Services may allow the sale of life and disability insurance at the state exchanges. Thefederaldeficiton the other hand could force the hand of the government to seek new forms of revenue by removing the tax deferred, inside build up of cash values in life insurance and annuities.

What  Is  Renters  Insurance  For?
A renters policy, like all other insurance policies, is designed to protect you from an unacceptable risk. The renters policy has two basic sections. The first section will cover damages to your personal property. That is not included in the landlords policy and is your responsibility. The second section covers you should you be sued for personal injury or physical damages. The cost of a lawsuit could easily bankrupt you.

How  Much  Is  Homeowners  Insurance  On  A  Mobile  Home?
Homeowners insurance for a mobile is not much different than regular homeowners insurance. Some of the information that is required to be able to secure coverage will be a different though. Mobile home homeowners coverage is not something that every carrier does. To find out more about coverage and pricing in your are please contact a local agent for a free quote.

Will  Medicare  Pay  For  Gum  Surgery?
Medicare will not pay for gum surgery unless the surgery is for reconstruction of the jaw, or part of an effort to save a life or alleviate another health condition. Medicare normally excludes all dental procedures except for jaw reconstruction or as needed to treat another health condition (or prepare the mouth for medical treatment of another health condition).

Is  Life  Insurance  Money  Considered  Income?
There are afew answers to your question. If you are speaking of being the beneficiary of death proceeds then the answer is no, those are tax free. If you are the beneficiary of life proceeds through an estate, then yes, those are subject to estate taxes. If you are speaking of borrowing from a cash value life insurance policy, then no, thoseare considered a loan and not subject to income taxes. If you are cashing out a cash value life insurance policy, then yes, the proceeds over premiums paid are subject to income tax.

How  Do  I  Drop  Part  B  Medicare?
If you were enrolled in Medicare Part A and B automatically when you turned age 65, there will be a card in your packet that you can send back as instructed on the card. This will disenroll your from Part B Medicare. If you signed up for Medicare through Social Security, or if you have had part B for some time and now want to drop it, contact Social Security to drop Medicare Part B.

What  Percentage  Of  Term  Life  Insurance  Pays  Out?
Most term life insurance expires before the life insured does! The statistics are not generally shared by carriers and tend to vary from company to company. The consensus it is it less than 5% and probably under 1% in many life insurance companies. Most policies expire or are converted to permanent before the expiry date.

Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Pay  For  Termite  Damage?
No, termite damage is usually excluded from the HO3 homeowners policy. Under the Exclusions Section of the HO3, damage caused by Birds, vermin, rodents, or insects is excluded. If you are interested in a policy review of your home coverage please contact me at fwinterle@creativeins.net. Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas.

What  Does  Covered  By  An  Employer  Retirement  Plan  Mean?
An employer sponsored qualified retirement plan is generally under a government regulatory body like ERISA, the Employee Retirement Income security Act of 1974. These plans can be defined benefit or more likely today, defined contribution plans. The pretax contributions accumulate tax deferred until distributions, when they are taxed as ordinary income.

How  Does  Life  Insurance  Affect  SSI?
There are two different Social Security disability programs, and several different types of life insurance. Social Security Disability Insurance pays benefits to people who worked and paid into the system. Having life insurance does not impact your ability to qualify for this program. Supplemental Security Income is a needs based program. There are complex income and asset limitations. In general anyone with assets exceeding $2,000 is not qualified to receive benefits under SSI. Cash value life insurance policies owned by the individual may be considered assets, and could disqualify the person until sold. Term life policies have no cash value and would not impact eligibility.

What  Happens  When  You  Get  Dropped  From  Auto  Insurance?
You will have to seek coverage with another carrier. If you can you will want to secure coverage with a new carrier before the termination of your current policy. You may pay a higher premium with the new carrier due to being dropped from your previous carrier depending on the circumstances. If you let your coverage lapse you may pay an even higher premium and possibly have a more difficult time finding a carrier due to the lapse.

How  Does  Renters  Insurance  Deductible  Work?
When a loss occurs you can file a claim against the renters policy. The company will investigate and settle the claim based upon the value of the property that was lost, the limit of coverage and the deductible. If there is $50,000 in personal property coverage and the loss is fixed at $30,000 you would be sent a check for $30,000 minus the deductible. If the deductible in the policy is $250, you would receive a check for $29,750.

Who  Is  A  Retirement  Plan  Fiduciary?
The retirement plan fiduciary on an employee group plan defaults to the employer, generally the business owner, or certain executives of the company -- either CEO, COO, or CFO. If the employer chooses, it can designate a different fiduciary to manage the plan to remove itself from fiduciary responsibilities. To find the fiduciary, one simply needs to look at the form 5500 filing to determine who is acting as the plan fiduciary.

Which  Are  The  Best  Health  Insurance  Providers?
Unfortunately, as a 30 year veteran of the health insurance industry I have to tell you there is no objective measure or rating that the consumer can refer to in attempting to answer the question "Which Are The Best Health Insurance Providers?". The herd has been thinned out considerably amongst health insurance carriers over the last 20 years and so you have your big national players life AETNA, Assurant, CIGNA, Humana, United Healthcare, WellPoint, state based Blue Cross/BlueShield plans and then more regionally based carriers like Kaiser. To be blunt, insurance carriers have become more of a commodity (some might argue public utility) these days than they would ever want to admit to. They are all copying each other and often using the same health care providers in their networks. So, while it would be incorrect to say they are all identical, the quality of care and customer service levels from the consumer's perspective are very similar from one health insurance carrier to the next. From the health care provider's perspective some health insurance carriers have reputations for being more aggressive in negotiating discounts and being easy or complicated to get paid by than other health insurance company's do. But, even this can vary from state to state and change over time as health insurance carriers continually adjust to the changing environment.

What  Is  The  Average  Cost  Of  Medicare  Per  Month?
For most individuals, Medicare Part A will be premium-free. This happens if you've hit your 40 quarters (10 years) of working life and paying FICA taxes. If you don't hit this, the premium will be up to $426 per month. In 2014, Individuals with Medicare Part B will pay anywhere from the minimum $104.90 per month (this is most individuals), up to the maximum of $335.70 per month, depending on your income level (individuals with higher incomes pay a higher premium due to the high-income penalty on Part B premium calculations). So for those with only Parts A & B, the "average" person will likely be paying $104.90 per month between the two. If you want to add prescription drug coverage or a Medicare supplement plan, you will have additional premium expenses (the premiums will also be based on the plan you're applying for, your age, and other factors).

What  Does  Medicare  Cost  Me?
It varies depending on your income and the level of Medicare supplementalcoverage or Medicare Advantage plan you select. The cost can be as little$zero if you fall in the lowincome Bracket. If a Medicare Beneficiary chooses a more comprehensive Medicare supplement plan, it will cost more. A lesser plan where a Beneficiary pays more of a a copay would cost less as far as a monthly premium goes.

Does  Ameriprise  Offer  Life  Insurance?
Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc does not offer life insurance, but is affiliated with two companies that do offer life insurance. Those companies are RiverSource Life Insurance Company and Riversource Life Insurance Company of New York. The products they offer are Term Life, Universal Life, and Variable Universal Life Insurance.

Who  Gets  Life  Insurance  If  No  Beneficiary?
If there is no named, living beneficiary of the life insurance policy when the insured dies, the proceeds are paid to the estate. It is not an ideal outcome since this subjects the proceeds to probate which would not have occurred if there was a beneficiary. To ensure this does not occur, the policy-owner should name a primary and a contingent (back up) beneficiary and review the policy every three years with a life insurance professional.

Does  Any  State  Not  Require  Auto  Insurance?
I believe 49 of the 50 states have a require for drivers to have auto insurance or show financial responsibility. Not have insurance puts you and your family's financial future at risk. Insurance is very low cost compared with the alternative, which is you paying for any accident out of your pocket. Many accidents can run in the hundreds if not thousands of dollars without any physical injury to people. If there is a physical injury caused by the accident it is likely that the cost will start in the thousands. Don't leave yourself or your family financially exposed.

Can  I  Apply  For  Disability  Insurance  While  Pregnant?
Unfortunately, if you apply for Disability Insurance while you are pregnant, your pregnancy will be considered a pre-existing condition and you will not be able to qualify for coverage at that time. Once your baby is born you will be able to apply for Disability Insurance and obtain coverage.

Is  Guardian  Whole  Life  Insurance  A  Good  Investment?
GLIC Guardian Life Insurance Company is one of the oldest and highest rated insurers in the country. I happen to be appointed with them as a Broker so I'm very familiar with their Whole Life products. As noted above Guardian is a mutual company as such they pay dividends to the policy holders. They also offer increasing insurance benefits called "paid up additions" (PUA), at no increase of premium and no additional proof of insurability. Insurance is not allowed to be marketed as an "investment", but when you pay into something whether it be in money or your time you are 'investing' in it. Do you get more out of it than you put into it? If you look at it in terms of benefit payout verses what you pay into it, (even though you don't receive the benefit - your beneficiary does), generally the return is at least 100% more than your invested amount. And it may be many times more. As far as benefit to you, other than the peace of mind that you have made provision for your loved ones in the case of your demise, monetarily whole life policies with mutual companies produce a robust Cash Value growth that you have access to without incurring taxable events and at very low interest rates. And the cash value grows at a minimum Guaranteed rate! In my comparing Guardian policies with other insurers' policies, The Guardian out-performs most in both the PUA and Cash value. So is a Guardian whole life policy a "good investment"? I would say yes, one of the best.

Is  Medicare  Optional  At  Age  65?
You are not required to enroll in Medicare Part A or Part B at age 65. For most people, Part A is "free" so you might as well accept it. After all, you paid for it. If you refuse Part A you may also be required to forfeit your Social Security check.

Which  Are  The  Best  Life  Insurance  Policies?
There is no one life insurance company that is the best in every category like price, underwriting, policy provisions, or company financial strength. And the best policies for any one person may be different from one policy owner to another based on individual product suitability. And your health history, smoking status, age, gender all contribute the final offer from a life insurance company. Shopping online for coverage can be a good starting point in your research of carriers.

When  Can  I  Get  A  Medigap  Plan?
You can apply for a Medigap plan up to 3 months before your Medicare Part B effective date - you must have both Medicare Part A & Medicare Part B to buy a Medigap plan. Once you have an established Medicare Part B effective date, you will have a 6-month open enrollment period to buy any Medigap plan from any carrier with NO medical underwriting. After this point, you can buy a new Medigap plan whenever you would like (there are no annual enrollment periods for Medigap plans), however, you would have to go through medical underwriting if you don't qualify for a special enrollment period or a guaranteed-issue right. The best overall time to buy will be your initial open enrollment period when you're new to Medicare and just starting Part B coverage. Determining which Medigap plan is right from you and which carrier to apply for the plan through can be a bit more involved than some may realize. It's not all about price as some may believe. You need to look at the carriers' premium rating methods (community, attained, or issue age rated), their rates, their rate increase history, their service history, and other factors. It's best to consult with an experienced Medigap broker who can help you determine which plan and carrier will be most suitable to your desires, needs, and budget. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your Medigap coverage needs, including providing quotes and plan comparisons, and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

What  Is  My  Blue  Medigap?
My Blue Medigap is Medicare Supplement insurance through Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan. My Blue Medigap offers three Medigap Plans (A, F, N) through Blue Care Network. Medigap Plans A, F, N are standardized. The Medigap benefits from one company are the same exact Medigap benefits with another company -- the only difference is price. My Blue Medigap will have a different monthly premiums than other private insurance companies offering Medigap Plans A, F, N. It's worth contacting an independent agent specializing in Medicare Supplement insurance. We can provide quotes in just a matter of minutes from companies you won't see online. We'll do a side by side comparison showing you which company has the best Medigap price. Please let me know if I can be of further assistance with your specific situation.

What  Is  Medicaid  Health  Insurance?
Medicaid is a Federal government health insurance program established under Title XIX of the Social Security program in 1965. It is administered and largely funded by the individual states. It's original and primary purpose is to provide health insurance to low income persons. Though, as is the case with virtually all government entitlement programs it has been expanded in various ways over the years so now there are provisions for coverage in certain circumstances for pregnant women and even illegal aliens among other provisions. Whether or not your family is eligible for Medicaid will be subject to several different criteria such as your employment, how much annual income you make, and how many dependents you have along with some other requirements.

If  you  move  out  before  your  renters  policy  expires,  is  your  property  still  covered?
The property covered under your homeowners policy is the property of the insured. The property of the visitor could well be covered under the visitors renters policy. I am not sure why you would want to sue the homeowner. I suspect that the renter will be able to recover all but her deductible depending upon the property involved and the circumstances.

What  Is  Non  Industrial  Disability  Insurance?
Non-Industrial Disability Insurance is administered by the California Employment Development Department (EDD) for certain State employees who are disabled due to non-work related illness or injuries. It provides up to 26 weeks of benefits and typically has a 7 day waiting period before benefits will begin to be paid.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Omeprazole?
Medicare covers omeprazole, or its brand name Prilosec, through Medicare Advantage Plans or Medicare Part D. Some plans put a limit on how many omeprazole or Prilosec tablets can be taken within a certain time period. It is also approved as step therapy for Acidfex, or after that, for Nexium.

Why  Is  It  Illegal  To  Drive  Without  Car  Insurance?
In order for each state to assure the driver has at least the minimal financial assets to assure each driver they will not be mauled by some irresponsible driver the states require each driver to have car insurance or to post a bond. None of us intends to have an accident but the possibility of having an accident, especially while driving in strange neighborhoods, is a reality. From time to time we find that we have to drive from point A to point B some distance apart that requires we are operating the vehicle for an extended period of time and as we tire the possibility of having an accident increases. The States act in our best interest by requiring minimal financial coverage for every driver

Can  An  80  Year  Old  Get  Life  Insurance?
While it's possible for an 80 year old to get life insurance, it can sometimes be a bit of a process. At 80 one might still qualify for certain simplified issue policies. Simplified issue simply means that the normal medical underwriting requirements might not be quite as invasive as they would otherwise be. If the individual is in superlative health, he or she can also entertain a fully underwritten policy, meaning he or she will undergo pretty extensive medical underwriting in order to qualify for the life insurance policy. This would be the cheaper option per dollar of death benefit purchased, but requires the proposed insured to be in excellent health. If someone this age is considering life insurance time is of the essence as many carriers cutoff eligibility after age 80 and many more cutoff at age 85. Very few will go up to age 90, which is where almost all stop issuing policies.

When  Is  The  Best  Time  To  Buy  Life  Insurance?
The best time to take out a life insurance policy is when you are young and your health is good, because the cost will be lowest at that time. That being said, if you missed that window, there is no time like now to purchase life insurance and protect those you love from financial hardship upon your death.

What  Do  Home  Insurance  Policies  Cover?
A home insurance policy covers a wide range of items. Your dwelling is typically covered for its replacement cost along with the contents inside the home. Expenses incurred as a result of a claim are typically covered along with liability protection in case you are sued. Medical payments to others along with coverage for unattached structures is generally covered on most policies. Specific coverage can be discussed with an experienced broker.

Does  The  Car  Title  Have  To  Be  In  My  Name  To  Get  Insurance?
Technically no, you do not have to own the title of the car in order to insure it. This is based upon the basic insurance premise that you have to have an interest in something in order to insure it. Interest, however, is not specifically defined. For example, you can rent a car, which is in your care, custody and control you can have it covered under your personal auto policy. Or, a business can insure non-owned autos, which covers its employees and their personal autos when being used for business. In summary, you just have to have an insurable interest to insure a car, which does not necessarily mean ownership.

Can  An  Auto  Insurance  Company  Deny  A  Claim?
An auto insurance carrier can deny a claim if the claim is outside of the scope of your policy's provided coverages or if the claim is fraudulent in origin. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you. If you feel that your claim is valid, appeal the denial with your local agent first.

What  Does  Life  Insurance  Exam  Test  For?
The life insurance exam will test for drug use, nicotine, and evidence of health conditions. This is usually done through a blood test and urine test. The examiner will also usually measure and weigh you, as well as take your pulse and blood pressure. Generally, a list of health questions are asked, even if they are a repeat of the ones you filled out on your application. Exam requirements vary with your age, face amount, and the product and face amount for which you are applying.

Can  You  Make  Money  Selling  Annuities?
Yes, you can make money selling annuities, just as you can make money selling any insurance product. The sale of annuities pays a commission that is a percent of the premium that is paid for the purchase of the annuity. Whether you come out ahead depends on your costs of doing business.

Can  You  Be  On  Medicare  And  Not  On  Social  Security?
Yes, and no. You are not required to be receiving your Social Security checks in order to be covered by Medicare, but you (or your qualifying spouse) must have had SS wages to qualify for Medicare in most cases. If you (or your spouse) do not have enough SS wage quarters you may buy in to Medicare Part A.

How  Do  Private  And  Federal  Long-Term  Care  Insurance  Programs  Work?
First of all, there is no federal long-term care program. If a person is or becomes "indigent" by state standards, they may qualify to have their long-term care facility expenses paid for by Medicaid (Medical in CA). There is a commission in Washington currently debating if there will be a federal long-term care program, but they will have no power to institute one and it's doubtful that given our current budget deficit, a comprehensive program could be afforded by either the states or the feds (Medicaid is a jointly funded and administered medical program for the poor).Private long-term care programs at this point in time consist of applying to an insurance company and going through full underwriting to determine insurability. If so, they are issued a long-term care policy of insurance. Only insurance agents that are certified to sell long term care (most states) can do so. There is a Partnership long-term care program in 36 states (plus charter Partnership programs still going in CA, CT, NY, and IN). The state departments of health "partner" with the person with a Partnership-approved long-term care plan of insurance so that if they blow through the insurance policy maximum benefits and are still alive, the amount of the payout from the insurance company will increase the impoverishment threshold dollar-for-dollar for that person and if the insured's personal non-exempt assets are lower than what the insurance company has paid out, Medicaid will take over payment of the person's long-term care costs until s/he dies.Note that there are some limitations1. The person needs to be in a facility for full payment of costs by Medicaid. (Home care reimbursement from Medicaid is under $300/mo.)2. A lien in the amount of money paid out by Medicaid is levied against the patient's estate. (This is currently being debated and is a point of contention with some states and consumer groups. Whether it will actually be done is not certain, but it's "on the books".)3. While there is a promise that no discrimination will be made between "Medicaid patients" and "paying patients" in nursing facilities, audits of some facilities have found that there are, in fact, "Medicaid rooms" and regular rooms. When discovered, those facilities are supposedly ordered to make no distinction in treatment, care, or placement of patients based on their ability to pay.At this time, it is clear that there is a looming problem of how to take care of the elderly of the boomer generation as that demographic bubble passes through old age. And, though medical technology allows people to live longer, that life is not necessarily better. No solution has yet been proposed at the federal level. The problem will fall to Medicaid for now. Recent surveys have shown that only about 7-8% of the population owns its own long-term care insurance. Some calculations indicate that Medicaid is solvent for only another 8-10 years as currently administered.

What  Are  The  Pros  And  Cons  Of  Variable  Annuities?
Variable annuities have separate sub accounts with access to equity, bond and combinations for market returns with tax deferral of gains until withdrawals, surrender or annuitization. Variable annuity prospects must establish a financial risk tolerance to prove product suitability. Variable annuities can be purchased as non-qualified or qualified with additional riders such as guaranteed income riders that generate are dependent on annuitization. But keep in mind that variable annuities are securities and have the risk exposure of market conditions that could lose money in the cash value account.

How  To  Calculate  The  Present  Value  Of  A  Deferred  Annuity?
Great question. Twenty years ago that would have been a difficult question to answer, with the internet it's easy. Search in Google for "Present Value Calculator" and you will find a variety of sites with free online calculators. You will be able to enter in the information you want to assume, like time frame and interest rate, and you will quickly have your answer. Good luck :)

How  To  Be  An  Independent  Life  Insurance  Agent?
To be an independent life insurance agent, you need to have some savings to help you get started, and be able to live on little to no income for the first year. You will need to study and be tested for your license, then buy E&O insurance and get contracted with a number of companies. You should find a good General Agency to help you with this part. Then start prospecting for clients. Most life insurance agents contact people they know, but you can also set up a website and learn SEO to help you gain leads. It takes a lot of gumption, but if you are a financially savvy "people person", it can be a rewarding career to be an independent life insurance agent.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  With  Rheumatoid  Arthritis?
Yes you generally can. This depends on the severity of your condition and the frequency of flare-up. It will also depend on how compliant you are with recommended medical treatment and how up to date you are on your health maintenance.

Can  Retirees  Deduct  Health  Insurance  Premiums?
Since the current tax law only allows health insurance premiums to be deducted by businesses or self-employed business owners. This leaves most individuals that have to pay for the cost of their premiums themselves having to do so with after tax dollars. Unfortunately, there is no additional provision that would enable someone that is retired to also pay their premiums with tax-free dollars.

How  Long  Will  An  Insurance  Company  Provide  A  Rental  Car?
That can vary depending on the terms and conditions of your policy, so be sure to discuss this with your Insurance Professional and before you need it, not after. In most cases, a policy will include coverage for a specific daily dollar amount, say $30.00 a day and up to a maximum dollar amount or number of days. Keep in mint that maximum is a policy maximum, not the guaranteed maximum for your loss. If you have that coverage, your claim professional will work with your repair shop in order to conclude how long you may need the rental car based upon parts availability and the shop's work schedule. If the shop can get the work done and your car returned to you in 5 days that will be the length of time approved by your claims professional. If some un foreseen event changes that plan, your claims professional can modify the benefit payment schedule. But remember, once the work is done and your car is ready to be picked up, if you choose to hang onto the rental, the daily charges moving forward will be your responsibility.

What  Age  Can  I  Get  Medicare  Benefits?
Most people start getting Medicare benefits when they are 65 years old. Some wait until they are older to get Part B. Some get benefits when they are younger due to being on Social Security Disability for two years, or having End Stage Renal Disease or ALS that meets Medicare qualifications.

How  Long  Does  It  Take  To  Get  A  Life  Insurance  License?
To get a life insurance license, you must first take a course of training that is approved in your state. This can take months to study, or you can attend classes that try to pack the study into one weekend. After you finish your course of study, you take a life insurance test and must pass it with a 70% grade. Then you can apply for your license. All in all, the process probably averages one to three months.

When  Is  The  Best  Time  To  Switch  Auto  Insurance?
Probably the "best" time is at policy renewal just because one policy can easily pick up where the other leaves off without you having to wait for reimbursements etc. That having been said, you are able to switch at any time. Talk to your Insurance Professional about your particular situation.

Do  I  Need  Health  Insurance  In  Addition  To  Medicare?
Just a point of clarification to the +Larry Gilmore response . . . Medicare Advantage plans replace original Medicare. A Medicare Advantage plan does not "fill the gaps in Medicare". When you enroll in a Medicare Advantage plan you are no longer in original Medicare so any "gaps" in coverage are paid by you, the Advantage policyholder. Medicare Advantage plans have many moving parts including deductibles, copay's and coinsurance. A large claim or numerous medical expenses will almost always result in much more out of pocket expenses under an Advantage plan than you will experience with original Medicare and a Medicare supplement (Medigap) plan.

Which  Life  Insurance  Is  Best  In  Pennsylvania?
The best life insurance in Pennsylvania is the one that best fits the budget and needs of the person purchasing it. What works best for a younger person may not even be available to a senior person, and vice versa. To find the best life insurance for you, contact a trusted website that offers life insurance in Pennsylvania, or visit a local agency that offers choices from many companies. Your agent should be able to lead you to a policy with a highly rated company that best suits your budget and needs.

What  Does  Renters  Insurance  Protect  Against?
Renters Insurance protects your personal "stuff". Not the apartment or house you are renting but your possessions. It is important to "log" what you have, use pictures, take a video of the rooms to help identify what you have. Be sure to talk to your agent about getting the renters insurance which replaces your "stuff", rather than just pay you the current value. There is a difference.

Does  State  Farm  Have  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
State Farm does offer Long Term Care Insurance but has recently suspended Long Term Care sales in California, Arizona, Connecticut, Hawaii, Indiana, Nevada and New York. There has not been a formal announcement as to whether they plan to reintroduce products in those states in the future.

Can  You  Get  Insurance  That  Will  Provide  You  An  Extended,  Paid  Maternity  Leave  From  Your  Job?
To answer your question requires us to consider the requirements under law for the family medical leave act. The FMLA imposes upon employers certain obligations to provide the employee unpaid leave from their job without fear of losing their job. Employees continue to enjoy employer provided medical benefits as if they are active at work. Maternity leave is an eligible medical event. Employees are entitled to up to twelve work weeks of leave in a 52 week year. Seek out more information by searching the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 for more information. Now, as to obtaining an "extended, paid maternity leave from your job", you seem to be asking on whether there is a way to buy an extended period of benefit for a group, employer sponsored medical or disability income program. I have not encountered this option as a benefit in 38 years of work in this industry but, the best option is to contact the benefits administrator or Human Resources at your employer with this question. No optional benefit available will waive the rights or duties of the employer under common policy and practice, nor under the FLMA of 1993. There are indemnification type health insurance policies that may provide some cash benefit, and you can buy disability insurance prior to the pregancy that can cover medical as a disability, but they won't impact the employer benefits nor their right to expect you to return to work when their maternity leave expires. The indemnity policies and disability insurance will have specific underwriting requirements and being currently pregnant is likely to be a condition that prohibits a benefit until the pregnancy runs its course.

Will  Life  Insurance  Cover  Cancer?
Yes, if someone has a life insurance policy and later passes away from cancer, the life insurance policy will pay the death benefit. The only exception would be if the applicant knew they had cancer but did not disclose it at the time the application was filled out, and if death occurred within the first two years. If the policy was guaranteed issue and the application did not ask about cancer, then not disclosing it will not matter. If someone is diagnosed with cancer and then applies for life insurance, the type of policy that can be obtained will be dependent on the type, stage and treatment of the cancer, and when the cancer was diagnosed and last treated. Life insurance almost never carries exclusions for cancer, but a graded policy can exclude paying the full death benefit for all but accidental death during the first 1-3 years of the policy.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Broken  Pipes?
A renter's policy could cover damage to other people's property (i.e. a floor below you) should a pipe burst. Otherwise, no coverage is afforded for the residence or "dwelling". Personal Property would be covered for Water Damage if you have a named peril policy that covers water damage

Can  You  Have  Dual  Health  Insurance?
Can you have dual health insurance? Yes, you can in some cases have two plans. Today with employees sharing more and more of the premium costs of coverage, you don't see it very often where spouses are dual covered by both employers, at least with health insurance. It is not that uncommon for fringe benefits like dental as it boosts total coverage. It comes down to cost in most cases, is it cost effective to pay two premiums for coverage that can't exceed 100%? Does it pencil out?

How  Much  Does  Short  Term  Life  Insurance  Cost?
Short term life insurance, such as 5 year Term or 10 year Term, can cost much less than life insurance locked in for longer periods of time, such as 30 year Term Life insurance or Universal Life. However, when that short term is complete, the price for that policy will jump extremely high. If the insured person's health has gotten worse during that time, he/she may need to pay much higher premiums or possibly may not even qualify for a new life insurance policy. Therefore, it is important to look at the need involved, when purchasing a life insurance policy. If you are 40 years old and want it to cover your children going to college, getting a short term policy may suffice. If you want it to pay for your funeral, then it is better go with some type permanent plan.

Who  Is  The  Owner  Of  A  Group  Life  Insurance  Policy?
The owner of a group life plan is the business owner or corporation providing coverage to the employees. The owner would hold the master policy and the employees would hold a certificate of coverage. Group life insurance is a nice perk for both employer and employee. For the employer it is a very affordable benefit to help secure employee turnover. For the employee, it is a nice added bonus to their personal financial plan. However, group life should never take the place of individual life insurance. If you change jobs in almost every case you will lose this coverage and run the risk of losing insurability as well.

My  Dad  Bought  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  For  Me,  Unbeknownst  To  Me.  Do  I  Have  To  Make  Payments  On  It?
If you don't want the policy any more, you don't have to keep it, and you don't have to make payments on it. They can send you all the notices they want, but no one can take you to collections for life insurance. If you quit paying on it, the policy will lapse. It is your choice.

How  Can  I  Sell  My  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Video Transcript: Today's question is, Can I sell my life insurance policy? Well, number one, a life insurance policy is personal property. Could you sell it? I think you can, usually through the life settlement market. But keep in mind that the original reason that you sold the life insurance was not to sell it for that specific purpose and most carriers and life insurance companies are going to take a dim view on you trying to buy insurance for just the purpose of selling it. But if the reason you bought life insurance doesn't exist any longer, you could go ahead and sell it on the secondary market of life insurance settlement, and you can sell it for cash. Generally, a cash value contract is going to get a little bit more than what you have in your policy; sometimes a lot more, depending upon the death benefit and your timeline. Can you sell it? You could sell it and again, I recommend make sure that you're doing this for the right reasons. And make sure that your coverage is no longer necessary.

What  Do  You  Need  For  A  Renters  Insurance  Claim?
For any claim involving property, you need evidence. This doesnt have to be piles of receipts. Simple photographs give the adjuster the information necessary to accurately evaluate the loss. If you have receipts that is fine as well. If you are sued, dont be concerned about what the adjuster needs, just get the claim into their hands. This is urgent.

Why  Buy  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  For  Parents?
The societal trend is for succeeding generations to take care of their parents. The economic burden generally falls on them. In our present culture, baby boomers have taken care of their parents with some purchasing an LTCi policy to indemnify or at least mitigate the cost of extended care to protect their own finances. It is a reasonable planning tactic to cover geriatric parents as part of your overall retirement strategy which may include parental care.

Does  Auto  Insurance  Drop  When  You  Turn  25?
With Most carriers the case is yes. The average rate decrease in our state with most carriers is $200 decrease on a 6 month policy. Many carriers at your renewal if you turned 25 shortly after your renewal the rate should reflect that you will be 25 on the renewal term. Or ask your agent to requite you after you turn 25 it should lower it.

What  Is  The  Advantage  Of  Medicare  Part  C?
Let's review the history of Medicare. When Medicare was introduced in 1965 Medicare included Part A(hospital) and Part B(outpatient). Then the Part D was added to cover the drugs. So now we have Part A, Part B, and Part D. Part C-Medicare Advantage combines Part A, B, and D into one policy -Part C. Medicare purchasing decisions are based on the question of can I afford to pay for a medicare supplement and a drug plan plus the medicare supplement premium will increase each year. Depending which State and what County that live in many Medicare Advantage Plans(Part C) have a zero premium while they include coverage for Part A, B, & D. What is the catch? First of all you need to understand once you make the decision to go the Medicare Advantage Plan way you will only be able to purchase a medicare supplement plan in the future only if you pass underwriting questions. So if you have developed heart conditions, diabetes, etc. then you will have to stay with Medicare Advantage or be prepared to cover the Part A deductible and all the Part B charges not covered by Medicare. Medicare Advantage has copays that are required each time visit the doctor-typically that range from $20 for primary care physician to $50 for specialist. Obviously, the more times you go to the doctor the more it pays for you to stay with original medicare

How  Long  Does  It  Take  For  A  Life  Insurance  Claim  To  Be  Paid?
If the life insurance policy has been if force over two years, then on presentation of the claim form and proof of death the claim will be paid promptly. If the policy is under two years, it is within the contestability period to ensure all is in order. The cause of death will be examined and it could take a little longer to receive the claim. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me. If you would like to work with a local life insurance broker, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: life insurance broker Halifax or life insurance agent Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find a life insurance broker in your community.

Does  USAA  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Rentals?
USAA auto insurance, like most major car insurance carriers, covers rentals. The coverage you have depends on the type of policy you purchase, and what riders (if any) you have placed on your policy. Contact USAA directly for specific information about your policy. You'll receive fast accurate information by phone or via email. As an experienced broker, providing quick and accurate information is one of the tasks we must do on a daily ongoing basis.

Can  I  Be  On  Someone  Else's  Car  Insurance?
Yes, if you are a blood relative or under legal guardianship(if you are a minor) and reside in the same household as the insured you can be added to the family members policy if they wish to do that. If you are not a blood relative and you reside in the same household as the insured some carriers will allow you both to be on the same policy. Contact a local agent to find out about coverage availability and pricing in your area.

What  Is  Paid  Up  Insurance  In  Whole  Life  Policies?
This is the amount of insurance that if you stopped making premium payments today and elected to take a paid up policy, you would have that amount of insurance for the rest of your life. A 20 pay life policy would be paid up in 20 years with no premium due after that time while the insurance is still in force. A whole life policy can have a reduced paid up option after enough cash value has accumulated in the policy to provide a paid up policy. This table can be found in your policy. A good agent can help review your policy with you to help you understand your non-forfiture options

Does  Life  Insurance  Pay  For  Funeral  Expenses?
That is a great question! The best part about life insurance is that the money passes tax free to your beneficiary, and can be used for any purpose that person sees fit. If paying for your funeral expenses from the proceeds is a desire of yours, then you may want to consider discussing that with your beneficiary beforehand, so your wishes are understood. You may also want to go to the funeral home of your choice, and see if they will allow you to pre-purchase your funeral, and assign a portion of your policy as the payment. If you would like to know more about this, please drop me a line, I'd be happy to explain further. I hope that helps, thanks for asking!

What  Can  Bring  Car  Insurance  Down?
There are many factors that are considered when an insurance company develops the rate you pay for your car insurance. Your age, driving experience and record fo course are key factors. So too is where you live, the type of driving you do and the year make and modle of the car you drive. The amount of coverage you choose directly affects the price you pay as well as taking adantage of any and all available discounts to which you are entitled. Any adjustment of any of these factors will have an affect, positive or negative, on teh price you pay.

How  Much  Is  Homeowners  Title  Insurance?
Normally, insurance agents do not write title insurance. This is a specialty product that is written by licensed agents inside title companies. The price is not common knowledge however; it is disclosed during the closing for a home. I dont believe that you have an option over the price. You do have an option over which Title Company will handle the closing. You might check with a realtor to determine if there is any difference in the price of their insurance and other services.

What  Are  Car  Insurance  Deductibles?
Car insurance deductibles are typically applied to the collision and comprehensive portion of your auto insurance policy. The deductibles are the portion of the claim you must pay. Thus, if your damage was $4500 and your deductible was $500, you would be reimbursed $4,000 for the repair of the car or other damage sustained from a covered loss.

Who  Is  A  Good  Homeowners  Insurance  Company?
That is a great question! There are several really good companies out there that might qualify as "best" for you. My definition of best is lowest price for the highest, most comprehensive coverage with the lowest deductible and the best customer service and claims history. The financial stability and reputation of the company and its agents counts in a big way also. Go online, and check your State's Department of Insurance records and see if the BBB has any complaints on file for the companies that you consider. Find a good independent agent to help you compare coverage and costs. Do your homework, you are about to enter into a long term relationship with your insurer, you want to be sure you're compatible! Thanks for asking!

Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Roof  Replacement?
Homeowners Insurance does not cover normal wear and tear of any kind, so if the roof is just old this is not a covered peril. Should the roof be damaged by a covered peril then the roof would either be repaired or replaced minus your deductible. A covered peril may include wind, hail, falling objects, fire to name a few.

What  Is  The  Best  Way  To  Buy  Life  Insurance?
The best way to buy life insurance is through a trusted life insurance agent. If you dont know an agent, get recommendations from your colleagues, neighbors and friends. A good agent will listen to you, provide sound financial advice and communicate clearly with you and with the insurance company. This agent should be able to match a plan that you need with one you can afford.

What  Is  The  Monthly  Cost  Of  Home  Insurance?
Homeowners insurance cost will vary area to area, person to person, amongst other factors. The monthly cost is as individual as the insured and the home being insured. Monthly homeonwers insurance cost based on my experience within my geographic location is about one hundred to two hundred dollars per month. Contact a local agent to obtain a free quote for your homeowners insurance.

How  Can  Car  Insurance  Be  So  Expensive?
Car insurance companies operate on a very slim margin. The cost of your policy is equal to your share of what your company anticipates paying out in claims. These claims cover liability settlements as well as repairing the vehicles of policy holders who experience damage. Your driving record might disqualify you for rate discounts and other adjustments.

Who  Is  The  Best  Term  Life  Insurance  Company?
As an independent agent I sell from many different companies. It is hard to say what company is the best as it often depends on the individuals situation. I will say that for medically underwritten policies we sell quite a bit of American General, Genworth, and Prudential. Another interesting option is the no medical exam policies. Assurity, American National, and Sagicor have some very good options, though you will pay about 15 - 30% more for the policies.

Does  Life  Insurance  Affect  SSI  Benefits?
It definitely can in many states. It's not the death benefit that's the problem, it's the cash value. It's counted the same as money in the bank. If you just want enough insurance to cover funeral costs you can set up an irrevocable funeral insurance policy at a funeral home. Those are exempt from counting as an asset. Some funeral homes will take assignment of your existing policy if you ask them. Or if you start a brand new policy you can make someone else (like an adult child who is not on SSI) as the owner from the begining.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Leaking  Pipes?
Ryan is correct - if a pipe has been leaking for the past few months and failed to go unnoticed, your homeowners policy wouldn't extend coverage. Furthermore, most policies don't include mold coverage and, in fact, are excluded from coverage under most policies. As such, you should take care to notice and resolve any water damage immediately, and utilizing Servpro or ServiceMaster to mitigate water damaged areas as quick as possible.

How  Much  Does  Disability  Insurance  Pay?
While the typical monthly benefit is 60-65%, there are others types of policies you can get to ensure that you're fully covered. Many people also purchase critical illness insurance which pays out in a lump sum benefit as soon as you're diagnosed with a covered illness. Other people often get DI retirement security, which ensures that your retirement savings are protected along with your monthly income.

Is  Medicare  Part  B  Worth  It?
In order to qualify for Medicare Part B you must be eligible and covered under Medicare Part A. If you do not accept Medicare Part B and pay the premium you will be responsible for all of your outpatient charges. This includes doctor visits, lab, imaging, infusion therapy, outpatient surgery, etc.

Where  To  Buy  Life  Insurance  Online?
You can buy life insurance online from websites that have quote engines. The ones that offer instant quotes allow you to input your age, gender, height, weight, whether you smoke, and whether you have other risk factors (dangerous hobbies, health conditions, felonies, etc). Then the best quotes from several companies show up, and you can pick the one for which you wish to apply. The more detailed the quote engine, the more accurate your quote will be. But it still is helpful to talk to or correspond by email with someone at that online agency to be sure "all the bases have been covered" and you are applying with the best quote for which you qualify.

How  Much  Is  Colonial  Penn  Life  Insurance?
Colonial Penn is directed for guranteed issue policies in which there is no medical exam and no one is declined. Rates still depend on age and medical. condition.. They will determine your insurability by asking some arranged questions to qualify you for that coverage which is mainly a final expense.

Who  Is  Covered  By  My  Auto  Insurance  Policy?
The easy answer for this would be "Anyone you give permission to drive your vehicle." The exception to this would be anyone who is specifically excluded from your insurance policy. For example, a client of mine has a 17 year old son. Their son had a valid learners permit and went through the process of completing Drivers Ed, but never took the final exam and was never issued a license. Even though his permit has expired, based on his age and the fact that he had a permit, I recommended to my client they included him on their policy, but list him as an excluded driver. Because he is excluded, the insurance company does not rate him on the policy, and the premium did not increase. Outside of their son, anyone they give permission to drive their car would be covered, even if the person who borrowed the vehicle did not have their own insurance policy. You do run the risk of increased monthly premium payments should an uninsured driver borrow your car with your permission and be involved in an accident where they are liable however. So be careful of who and how often you do lend your vehicle out.

Is  Home  Insurance  The  Same  As  Mortgage  Insurance?
This question addresses the issue of policy names. A home policy could mean a homeowners insurance policy. A mortgage policy could be talking about the policy that protects a lender from default on a loan. The mortgage policy could also be talking about a term insurance policy that provides enough money to pay off the mortgage in the event of death during the term of the policy (and hopefully the mortgage.) Another problem is that there is a variety of property insurance policies, any one of which might satisfy a lender. Knowing the list of covered perils is critical and understanding the value added in a homeowners form is essential. The bottom line is that the home policy is probably designed to satisfy a lender and restore a damaged home for the benefit of the homeowner. The mortgage policy is generally designed to either insure enough money to pay off the mortgage or protect the lender against default by the borrower.

Can  I  Have  Medicaid  And  Medigap?
You can, but this is actually pretty rare. It is illegal for any agent to sell you a Medigap policy if they know you are on Medicaid. This is asked on every Medigap insurance application, so if answered truthfully, you would generally not be able to purchase a Medigap policy. Some Medicare beneficiaries purchase a Medigap policy, and then at some future point become eligible for Medicaid. Since Medicaid essentially provides the benefits provided by the Medigap policy, the Medicare/Medicaid beneficiary may suspend their Medigap policy for as long as they are on Medicaid. They technically still have Medigap, but in a suspended status.

What  Is  Vesting  In  Retirement  Plan?
Generally speaking, vesting in a retirement plan may be tied to direct employer contributions to a qualified plan and/or non-qualified tax deferral plan. As an example, a defined contribution plan, like a 401(k), may also offer matching employer contributions. Some plans that offer this require a certain time employment to secure the employer's matching contributions, i.e. the employee is fully vested.

What  Is  The  Best  Advantage  Plan  For  Medicare?
There is no "best" Medicare Advantage plan. Benefits and premiums vary by zip code and from year to year. The "best" plan is the one that fits your needs and budget. Medicare Advantage plans are similar to traditional major medical plans in that they have copay's and deductibles. But the difference stops there. Most Advantage plans have networks. Some networks are local while others are regional. Some Advantage plans only include coverage if you are treated by a network provider while others will include out of network coverage but with a higher (and usually separate) deductible, higher copay's and higher out of pocket. Exceptions are made to the out of network penalty for true medical emergencies. Make sure you understand all details of the policy, especially your out of pocket maximum. The out of pocket limit does not include non-network benefits or Rx. It also does not include any non-covered medical treatment. In most areas less than half the doctors accept ANY Medicare Advantage plans. Even if your doctor does accept Advantage patients they may not participate in your particular plan

Will  My  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Renters?
The personal property of tenants is not covered in your homeowners policy. You are not responsible for their personal property. The tenant should purchase their own insurance. If the tenant has the right to invite people onto the property you might consider requiring that they have a tenants policy. They are responsible for any personal injury or physical damage that could occur.

How  Long  Will  Medicare  Pay  For  Hospice?
Medicare should pay for hospice all the way through except for a deductible and coinsurance if you don't have a Medicare Supplement Plan. After 90 days you would need to use lifetime reserve days or pay all the costs. To qualify for hospice care, a hospice doctor and your doctor must certify that your terminally ill and expected to live 6 months or less. Hospice care is typically at home unless it is determined that it must be medically managed in a facility. The hospice coordinator should be able to give you much more detail.

What  Type  Of  Trust  Is  A  Life  Insurance  Trust?
Generally, life insurance may be a great solution, but owning it inside your estate may exacerbate estate taxes. One option is to create an irrevocable life insurance trust (ILIT) and have the ILIT own the life insurance policy from the start. The ILIT will collect the death proceeds and distribute the proceeds to the trust beneficiaries.

What  Is  The  Average  Price  For  Home  Insurance?
A homeowners policy is usually written to cover the cost of reconstructing the house. The price for the policy will be as varied as the prices for houses. The location of the house is also important. Similar homes built on the cliffs above the ocean pay a different price from those located where the danger is less obvious. Companies offer discounts which also affect the price. There just isnt a standard price.

How  Much  Is  Home  Insurance  For  A  Condo?
A condominium is a collection of individual home units and common areas along with the land where the building is built. Individual home ownership within a condominium means ownership of only the air space confining the boundaries of the home. The exterior walls, common areas and other property are owned by the condominium association. The result is that a condo policy does not cover anything except the inside of the condominium unit.

Can  I  Drive  My  New  Car  Home  Without  Insurance?
Consult with state law to make sure that is permissible. Your lender will take a dim view of your driving an uninsured vehicle. Normally they require insurance to protect their interests in their collateral. If you can pay the injured and repair the damage to all the vehicles in a collision then you probably dont need auto insurance. Oh did I mention that everyone involved can sue you into bankruptcy.

Can  Someone  With  No  Car  Insurance  Drive  My  Car?
Yes it is possible for someone with no insurance to drive your vehicle. Be aware that if you gave them permission to drive the vehicle then you will more than likely be held responsible for any damage that they may cause when using that vehicle which may intern affect your insurance premium.

Does  Medicaid  Take  Your  Life  Insurance?
In Ohio if the cash value of a life insurance policy and other assets is greater than $1500 you must spend down. When it come to life insurance you have a few options depending on how long you have had the policy. Prepay your Funeral, assign the policy to the funeral home, or purchase a Funeral Trust with the cash value in the policy. A Funeral Trust policy irrevocably assigns the death benefit of a life insurance policy to a Funeral Trust set up by the insurance company and can only be paid out for expenses directly related to the funeral and final expenses. This makes the policy Medicaid Exempt. In Ohio you can put up to $15000 in a Funeral Trust. In some states you would need a Goods and Services contract to go along with the Trust. Your agent should be able to help you with that. If you cash surrender the policy the money cannot be gifted to your beneficiary, you must spend it on yourself or use it in the ways mentioned above. There are rules in place that can preserve some of your assets. A good Medicaid Care Resource Planner or Elder Law attorney can help you with that issue.

A  Whole  Life  Policy  Owner  Passed  Away  With  Cash  Surrender  Value  Higher  Than  The  Death  Benefit.  Which  Amount  Will  The  Beneficiary  Get?
Another possibility is life insurance that has violated the corridors of risk and has been allowed to become, or was originally intended to be, a Modified Endowment Contract (MEC). The corridor of risk applies usually to universal life insurance type policies and it is the established maximum cash surrender value of the contract as it pertains to the amount of coverage and the age of the insured. The tests prescribed by the IRS limits what remains life insurance and what gets treated as a MEC. Regulations established in the 1980's limited this risk of abusing life insurance in this way because people discovered that universal life policies could be a great place to stash cash through the payment of excess premium in the flexible universal life policy, of which the IRS didn't like much When a life insurance policy becomes a MEC it is still a life insurance policy for death. Any pre-death distributions, however, cause the policy to be treated more like an annuity and distributions are treated as income first. That limits the use of the funds during the life of the insured. Life insurance treats policy loans as the payment of the basis (premiums paid in) first, and this feature is lost when a policy becomes a MEC. In fact, a number of tax-favorable benefits of life insurance are lost. To determine if a life policy has become a MEC, premiums are compared on a 7-pay test that helps establish the amount of premium, after paying 7 level annual premium amounts, that would pay up the policy in the first seven years after the life policy was issued. Being subjected to the 7-pay test or MEC test can occur well after the first seven years if there has been a material change in the policy. However, despite all of the latter, a life insurance policy that is stuffed with cash and violates the 7-pay MEC test down the road, has specific advantages even considering the disadvantages. One of those advantages is having more cash value than the face amount of coverage at death so you should also consider whether this life insurance became a MEC due to some specific financial or estate planning course of action taken by the decedent. Money at death under life insurance made to be a MEC are usually deliberate planning moves to pass cash or benefits of cash beyond the next immediate generation. For example, Grandpa wants to give each grandchild a sizable sum of money but wants to avoid generation skipping taxation. A MEC that pays as a death benefit is a contract paid, rather than money given. Check it out but this is another possibility for life insurance with too much cash value!

Is  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  A  Good  Investment?
I don't think it would be ethical for an agent to call Long Term Care (LTC) an investment. However, I think LTC may very well SAVE your other investments. In other words, if you need LTC but you don't have a LTC policy, then the care you may need can very possibly eat through your investments and savings rather quickly, since a LTC claim can often last for 2 year or longer. LTC is generally considered to be an imporant part of any investment portfolio, but I would not call LTC an investment in of and by itself.

What  Is  The  Federal  Retirement  Plan?
There is the federal employees retirement system for federal government employees.. Most of these plans are defined benefit retirement plans, but some offer defined contribution plans, which are becoming more popular.

Who  Is  Not  Eligible  For  Medicare  Part  B?
You must be eligible for Medicare Part A to be eligible for Medicare Part B. If you do not qualify for premium-free Part A, you must either be a United States citizen, a permanent resident, or another lawfully admitted resident (with at least 5 years of permanent residency in the U.S.) when you go to apply for Part B. If you don't meet these requirements, you would not be eligible for Part B. Also, if you're under 65 and do not meet the disability or end-stage renal disease exceptions to receive Medicare benefits, you would not be eligible for Medicare Part B.

What  Is  Contestable  Period  Life  Insurance?
All life insurance policies have a two year contestable period. It is the first two years after the policy goes into effect. During the two year contestable period, if death would occur, the insurance company will review the claim to make sure that the health and personal information on the application was correct. If there was a misrepresentation on the application that would have caused the price to be changed or policy to be declined, the policy may not pay the death benefit. During the contestable period, the policy will also not pay for death by suicide.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  Without  A  Job?
That is a great question! There are companies that don't ask what your employment status is, and that won't blink an eye, as long as you are making on time premium payments. Be aware that insurance is like your car , miss a couple of payments, and *poof* your car is gone. The money that you sink into the policy does too. Thanks for asking!

What  Happens  When  My  Life  Insurance  Expires?
With whole life, it never expires, so long as premiums are paid, or appreciation begins to be used to pay those premiums. With term life, after a fixed number of years, the policy could end with some companies, but usually it just means the premium will escalate, sometime dramatically. To avoid this, buy a longer term policy, or buy a permanent policy. Of course, not paying the premium will end insurance. Thank you. Gary Lane.

Does  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Hitting  A  Dog?
The liability portion of your auto insurance should provide coverage for damages to the owners of the dog and if you have full coverage on your vehicle meaning collision and other than collision then your vehicle damages should also be covered. Please remember every company and every policy is different. Read your policy completely to know what coverage is offered and what exclusions it has or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy coverage and exclusions.

Can  Health  Insurance  Be  Used  Out  Of  State?
Health insurance can often be use out of state, depending on your insurer's provider network. Typically, larger companies such as Blue Cross, Aetna, Humana and UnitedHealtcare have nationwide coverage which allows you to utilize many physicians and hospitals. Of course, you can always view provider network information before purchasing a health insurance policy.

When  Does  Medicare  Pay  As  Secondary?
It depends on your specific situation. Typically Medicare pays secondary to employer health plans depending on how may employees the employer has. If you have only Medicare and let's say a Medicare Supplement, Medicare would be primary. Keep in mind it depends solely on what coverage you have with your Medicare.

How  To  Apply  For  Medigap  Insurance?
There are several ways to apply for Medigap coverage. You can go through Medicare or apply direct to a carrier. That will get you a policy but you are on your own if you have questions before you buy or after the policy is in place. Most people will use an agent that specializes in Medigap plans. With technology, there is no need to invite a stranger into your home. Most of the information can be shared by phone, email and USPS. Almost 100% of our clients are people who prefer to shop, compare and buy in the comfort of their home and on their time frame, not mine.

Does  My  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Rental  Cars  In  Europe?
Your insurance policy purchased in the United States will only cover rental car coverage in the United States, Canada, and it's territories which would include Puerto Rico and Guam. Other countries do not recognize USinsurancein this particular situation and US based companies are not able to bring suit or defend out of US jurisdiction. You will need to purchase the insurance offered to you at the time of renting a car in Europe.

How  Does  One  Qualify  For  Disability  Insurance?
The first thing you need in order to qualify for Disability Insurance is an income. Unfortunately, DI does not cover people who are not bringing in an actual paycheck, even if they are working at home or for a contributing their labor to a charity. Secondly, you need to qualify medically. Disability policies sometimes exclude pre-existing conditions so that you can get the policy even if you have a health condition. Other policies will cover those health conditions, and some will decline if certain health conditions are present. Finally, you need to be at an occupation that is able to be covered. You may be unable to get Disability Insurance if you work in a very dangerous occupation. A Disability Insurance broker that carries several different companies can help match you with the best policy for which you do qualify.

If  I  Have  Health  Insurance  Does  Obamacare  Affect  Me?
Obamacare will impact almost everyone, including those who currently have health insurance. If your current health insurance does not meet certain standards (deductible, out of pocket, EHB) your policy will need to be upgraded to the new plan design. Most current high deductible plans will have to be replaced with the new plan design. If your policy does not have all the essential health benefits (EHB) as dictated by Obamacare, your plan will have to be "improved" to meet the new guidelines. All of these changes mean higher premiums and less affordable coverage.

What  Is  Life  Insurance  Face  Value?
Life insurance face value is the death benefit paid by the life insurance policy. In Term life insurance, the face value is the amount of life insurance that was taken out. In Permanent life insurance that has cash value, the face value is, again, the amount of coverage purchased. Face value is not the same as cash value.

What  Is  The  Difference  Between  Medicaid  And  Medicare?
Medicare is a Federal program available to all persons age 65 and over or who are on Social Security Disability who have paid into the program while working. It provides Medical Coverage. Medicaid is a program designed for people with low assets and income. You must qualify in these two area's to receive Medicaid. It is designed to pay for things like Long Term Care, and Medicare Deductibles and copay's. It can also help pay for other items not normally covered by Medicare.

How  Do  Private  Long-Term  Care  Insurance  Programs  Work?
Generally, depending on the policy, when you are unable to perform two or three activities of daily living spelled out in your policy, you will file a claim. The policy will then begin paying the caregiver. Some policies only pay for nursing home, some will pay for any type of long term care, even at home care. Some will even pay a family member. Each policy is different, so check with a good agent who can sit down and help you make sure the policy is right for you.

How  Much  Is  Monthly  Homeowners  Insurance?
Homeowners insurance is sold on an annual basis. The monthly payments would depend on the coverage you have and the annual premium. There is no set amount for homeowners insurance, the rates are determined by a number of factors including location, age, construction, safety features, building costs in your area, so each home is rated differently.

What  Happens  To  Life  Insurance  When  You  Change  Jobs?
Having life insurance on the job is better than having nothing, you should have a personal policy as well; why? Your job, if you ever left, fired, laid off, quit, retire, no more group life insurance. I say always elect to join a group work policy because it's so cheap. I tell all my clients this. (At work your job owns your policy) Again; therefore you should have your own policy as well. Young and healthy is the best time to get life insurance you are rated based on your health and age and some other factors. Life insurance is not something you can get when ever you feel like it, it's like applying for a credit card either your approved as applied for, approved at a higher rate or your insurance is decline. If your health is not so great then a group policy of course would be great for you.

Does  Car  Insurance  Show  Up  On  Credit  Report?
It depends..if you do not pay you insurance bill and you owe a balance and cancel your policy your insurance compay may send it to collection. That being said most insurance company have there own collection department and most of the time will not report on your credit. But its a good idea to pay your insurance on time.

What  Does  A  Medicare  Wellness  Visit  Cover?
According to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, your Wellness visit should occur if youve had Part B for longer than 12 months. Prior to this visit, you would of had a Welcome to Medicare preventive visit during your first 12 months on Medicare. The Wellness visit is completed annually. The provider is supposed to ask you to complete a brief questionnaire, called a Health Risk Assessment to help develop a personalized prevention plan. Medicare covers many preventative services and it is during this Wellness visit that you can discuss which ones are right for you. If the doctor accepts Medicare assignment, you pay nothing for the yearly Wellness visit. If additional tests or services are completed during the same visit that are not covered under this benefit, it is possible that you will be responsible for paying co-insurance and the Part B deductible. Thank you for reading my response. Please let me know if I can be of further assistance.

How  Much  Disability  Insurance  Do  I  Need?
Disability insurance is fundamentally paycheck protection. Most American workers have 90 days of case reserves on hand. The average disability period is 31 months. Protecting income is with long term disability insurance is only second to long term life insurance. If you can legally deduct the premium as a business expense you could insure up to 80% of your annual compensation. But keep in mind that benefits would be taxable as ordinary income.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Hotel  Costs?
Coverage D of most renters policies covers additional living costs. This coverage pays for necessary and reasonable increases in the living costs you incur to maintain the normal standard of living of your household if part of the premises is made unfit for you to use because of an insured loss. The key here is the reason that you need the hotel room, the second is the suitability of the hotel room and the third is the reasonableness of the cost.

What  Is  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Credit?
Long Term Care Insurance credit is a tax advantage given to those who purchase LTCI. About half the states in the United States offer a tax credit to those who purchase LTCI, and the tax credit can be as high as 25% of the Long Term Care policy premium,in some states.

How  Much  Is  Enough  Auto  Insurance  Coverage?
A client who had just purchased a $3 million Personal Umbrella Policy then asked me if $3 million was enough. The answer was, "Yes, unless you get sued for $5 million". I am making an assumption that the questionner is askling about Liability Protection in an auto policy. The fact is that most States set a minimum requirement in order to meet their compliance standards for registering a car. In many cases, the minimum is far below the amount necessary to protect enough if sued as a result of an accident, but it may be plenty for individual cases. The asnwer to the question honestly lies in the answer to this question: "What is my Financial risk?" Let's consider 2 examples. A young person with a part time job and whose property ownership is limited to his older car probably has enough liability protection by having a state's minimumto cover his personal financial risk. His is minimal compared to a professional who owns a business and a home and has investments and money in the bank. This person's financial risk is much greater and therefore he or she should be considering higher limits of liability protection. So, hoiw much is enough? The answer is enough to reasonably protect your financial exposure.

How  Are  Annuities  Taxed  On  Death?
Annuities in qualified plans are tax as ordinary income at the effective tax bracket rate of the plan participant and may be subject to estate taxes as well. Non-qualified tax deferred annuities are also taxed as ordinary income at the effective tax bracket rate of the annuity policy owner and may be subject to estate taxes.

Who  Regulates  Health  Insurance  In  Missouri?
Health Insurance in Missouri is regulated by Missouri Department of Insurance. Their web site is WEBSITELINK . Of course,depending on why you need information on who regulates Health insurance in MO, but if you are working with agent he/she should be able to answer your question and direct you.

Does  Esurance  Do  Renters  Insurance?
Esurance does renter's insurance!!!! Their rates are typically fairly competitive although you should shop various carriers. Although renter's insurance is not expensive, it is still worth looking around for the best deal and trying to secure coverage that best matches your needs. A broker will help you find the best rates.

Can  I  Sell  My  Term  Life  Insurance  Policy  For  Cash?
Typically no. A term life insurance policy is rated for you individually based on your age and medical history. It carries no cash value. The only market that exists for term life insurance policies is if you are in a scenario in which your life expectancy has been seriously diminished and you are likely to die within the term policy period, for example you are diagnosed with a terminal illness such as cancer. If you are given 1 year to live and you have 10 years left on your term policy, then there may be a market to buy your policy. However, this is not a good idea as the cash you can get will be substantially lower than the death benefit on the policy. Additionally, some insurance companies, such as Liberty Mutual, include a rider in life insurance policies that grants the insured access to a portion of the death benefit in the event of a terminal illness or complete disablement. Additionally, once the policy is sold there is no recourse to regain ownership of the policy and you have no right to any portion of the death benefit.

Why  Would  I  Be  Turned  Down  For  Life  Insurance?
Unfortunately, some people are turned down for life insurance for very simple reasons because they did not sign up for the appropriate policy to start with. To avoid being turned down, be sure to read the guidelines very carefully. It is far better to converse with an agent to be sure you did not overlook something. E.g. Some policies require that you have a drivers license; some don't. Some require that you are a US citizen; some don't. Some allow a certain policy to cover people with diabetes; some don't. Those type of declines are easy to avoid by just talking to tan agent. Other declines are more complicated. You may have a history of depression that sounds OK, but then get declined because your doctor wrote something in your medical records of which you were unaware. With any kind of health history or risk factors such as past alcohol treatment, use an impaired risk specialist to lower your chance of being turned down. There are policies out there for nearly everyone if you know where to look.

What  Is  403  B  Plan  For  Retirement?
A 403(b) is a qualified retirement plan available for public school teachers, principles, janitors, administrators as well as self employed ministers, some non-profit employers and service organizations. The contributions are deductible, accumulate tax deferred and are taxed as ordinary income at distributions.

Why  Buy  Life  Insurance  Now?
If you have good health, that is always the best time to buy life insurance. It is cheaper when you have good health. If you have poor health, that is a good reason to buy life insurance. People with poor health need that protection. So good health or poor health, now is a good time to buy life insurance.

When  Can  You  Access  Life  Insurance?
If you have Whole Life Insurance, you can access cash from it anytime it has been building, which is generally after 3-4 years. The cash value accumulates, building up larger and larger amounts, for emergency access. That cash can then be borrowed from your Whole Life Policy tax free, although it does reduce the death benefit unless eventually repaid by you (if you so choose).

Does  Medicare  A,  B  or  F  Pay  For  Humira?
That is a great question! Unfortunately, the answer, not so much. I'm afraid that it is not. If you have questions on the services or medications covered by your Medicare plans, go to the Medicare website WEBSITELINK and there is a space that you can type in your service or medication, and find out if it's covered. It's a really nifty, fast way to find out. Thanks for asking!

What  Is  The  Best  Age  To  Buy  Life  Insurance?
The best age to buy life insurance is the age that you need it. Did you get just married or have a child? Your family will most likely need to have some sort of financial protection if your life would tragically be cut short. Did you buy a house? Life insurance could pay off your mortgage if you passed. Do you need some funds to be easily accessible to your family to pay for your funeral? You can buy life insurance for that, even if you are over 70 years old. Prices are lower while you are younger, but not enough people recognize their need for life insurance until they are older. The good news is, there are policies available at almost any age. So rather than think your best time has passed, go ahead and purchase life insurance if you need it. When you need it, now is the best time.

Can  You  Negotiate  Homeowners  Insurance?
No. Insurance rates are set by actuaries. They are mathematical professionals who calculate the probability of an event occurring, and price their rates accordingly. They do give credits for a reduction of risk (alarms, sprinklers, nearby fire hydrant...), but the number is not negotiable. Every company calculates their risks differently, and some may need to add a certain risk in their portfolio in order to diversify, or may prefer a certain type of risk, and therefore will be priced better for a certain policy, which is why your agent should shop your policy to multiple carriers to ensure you get the best rate.

What  To  Know  Before  Buying  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Before buying long term care insurance, it is a good idea to look at the area in which you anticipate you will be living when you reach the age where long term care may be needed, and see what their average rates for assisted living and nursing home care run. Talk to your family and get their ideas on arrangements if that type of care was needed. Review your budget and determine how much you have to spend on long term care, and tell that to your agent when you start. An agent can save you a lot of time and frustration from looking at all kinds of bells and whistles that you cannot afford, when they know your budget from the start. These are some things that will help your long term care search start off on a good foot.

What  Are  Some  Reasons  Why  We  Need  Life  Insurance?
Some reasons that you need life insurance may be sitting around your dinner table at night. Some reasons have grown up and moved out of your home, but they worry about would happen to Mom if Dad died. Other reasons are life insurance's tax friendly nature, how it avoids probate, that it arrives fairly quickly at a time when money is desperately needed, can protect key employees, can be used to transfer an estate, or continue a business, or leave more money than you thought was possible to your favorite charity. But whether sentimental or practical, life insurance boils down to people. People are the reason other people buy life insurance.

What  Happens  To  Renters  Insurance  When  You  Move?
When you move your renters insurance does not follow you to the new location. You should contact your local agent before you move so that you can secure coverage for the new location and then set you current policy to cancel after you have moved all of your personal property between locations.

How  Do  I  Apply  For  Medicare  In  Iowa?
To apply for Medicare in Iowa, you can visit your local Social Security office to fill out an application. Or you can go to this website to sign up online: WEBSITELINK . Finally, you can call Social Security at1-800-772-1213.

Is  Life  Insurance  A  Good  Retirement  Plan?
I would not rely on Life Insurance as my only retirement plan. Life insurance can be used to protect your plan if you die too soon and the cash value can be used in retirement planning to provide additional income, but life insurance is not an investment and is not designed to be your only source of retirement funding.

How  To  Take  Money  Out  Of  Retirement  Plan?
Count yourself lucky that you have this problem. Less than 20% of workers have a pension plan to consider. You are asking the ultimate question though. Spending down your pension is a major issue as the pressing concern for most retirees is to control their assets so they dont live longer than the assets can provide. There are specialized representatives who work in this area and you might do well to consult with someone with the RICP designation.

What  Is  The  Best  Medicare  Advantage  Plan  In  Texas?
The best Medicare Advantage plan in Texas is one that meets your needs and budget. Medicare Advantage plans vary greatly from state to state and even within a state. Medicare Advantage rates and benefits are based on your zip code or county. A plan that is available in your county may not be offered in an adjacent county. Advantage plans have a lot of moving parts and several thousand dollars in out of pocket expenses when you have your greatest need for the plan. Most Advantage plans have networks. Some plans will cover out of network expenses but with higher copay's and out of pocket while other plans will not cover any non-network expenses except in the case of life and death emergency.

How  Long  Does  It  Take  To  Obtain  Life  Insurance?
It depends on your age/health and requested coverage amount. But in general it would be less then a month, it could be a couple business days as well. However if you are applying for a large amount of coverage that will require a medical examination and more stringent underwriting, one can purchase a short term policy that will cover you until the policy becomes effective. Same basic principle as flight insurance.

What  Does  Group  Life  Insurance  Mean?
Group life insurance is life insurance coverage for an employee that is paid for by their employer - the amount is generally for coverage up to the employees salary, or a multiple of their salary (e.g. 1.5x or 2x salary).Additional coverage is sometimes offered for an additional cost to be paid by the employee. The cost for additional coverage may be lower for a younger person (in their 20s, 30s, or 40s), but group coverage most often has premiums banded in 5 year intervals. For example, a given rate is charged for someone between ages 35-39, a higher rate for 40-44, and so on. Please note, while there's many great aspects to group coverage, there's also big limitations to it as well: 1) You don't own the coverage 2) Coverage is limited. If you want a larger amount of coverage, you will need to purchase an individual policy to provide the supplementing amount. 3) If you leave the company, you lose your coverage - this is a HUGE item to keep in mind and a tremendous reason to buy an individual policy. You may have slightly higher premiums with an individual policy, but the pros are substantial - e.g. even if you quit or are fired from the company, you can keep coverage going. 4) If you leave your company, some group coverage may allow you to convert your policy to a permanent program to keep it going. However, it is generally extremely expensive to do so and the premiums can be much higher than securing an individual policy. 5) The cost of insurance as you get older on a group policy (e.g. age 55, 60, 65, etc.) becomes very expensive compared to the cost of buying an individual one. You may want to ask for a list of rates for current employees at those ages as well as retired employees that keep their coverage.

Does  High  Blood  Pressure  Increase  Life  Insurance?
Does high blood pressure increase life insurance ? If you mean increase the price, the answer would be yes. Uncontrolled high blood pressure is often a decline. For some people the life insurance medical exam is the first physical they've had since high school. Often a eye opening experience can occur. That said, insurance companies don't usually punish by cost people who have controlled blood pressure via medications. Once controlled, high blood pressure for the most part becomes a non factor.

Is  Hazard  Insurance  The  Same  As  Home  Insurance?
When used in the context of a discussion of Home Insurance, yes it is. "Hazard Insurance" is a common term used to refer to Homeowners' Insurance becauseit speaks to the broad "hazards" that such a policy insures against. Hazards such as wind, fire, lightning, wind driven rain, smoke, etc are common. Be sure to talk with your insurance professional to understand all of the coverage, limitations and options that your policy provides.

Who  Pays  For  Medicare?
Employers and anyone who works and pays taxes helps to pay for Medicare. Medicare is funded through payroll taxes, which are split down the middle between employers and employees. Payroll taxes are also know as FICA taxes. Most employees pay 7.65% of their income in FICA taxes. Social Security consumes the first 6.20%. Medicare consumes the remaining 1.45%

Who  Sells  Decreasing  Term  Life  Insurance?
I have searched and searched for decreasing term life insurance and have not been able to find a company that sells it. There are companies that will continue a policy after the term ends, at a lower face amount. But for those who insist on a lower face amount each year, we have used annually renewable term. Each year you can get a new one year policy with a lower face amount.

What  Type  Of  Insurance  Is  Globe  Life?
Globe Life Insurance (if we are thinking of the same company that airs late-night commercials) is a final expense insurance company. Final expense insurance policies are whole life insurance policies that are specifically designed to cover the cost of final expenses such as funeral arrangements, burial plots and coffins. These are smaller policies, usually $25,000 or less and target seniors ages 50-80.

How  Late  Can  You  Be  On  Car  Insurance?
Technically there is no grace period when it comes to auto and home insurance. If you fail to pay on time and are involved in an accident you may be deniedcoverage If you are a few days late most companies will accept the premium with no lapse of coverage. If you are running late with your premium call your agent.

Does  Life  Insurance  Payout  At  End  Of  Term?
That is a great question! If you are referring to term life policies, the answer is no, that's the reason they are so cheap. If you are referring to whole life policies, then the answer is yes, when the insured passes away, in almost every single case the policy pays. The only way a term policy will pay you is if you perish during the term, or have paid extra all along to have a return of premium rider added to your policy, which returns to you what you'd paid into it (not the face value of the policy). If you want cash, don't buy term. I hope that helps, thanks for asking!

How  To  Purchase  Life  Insurance  For  A  Parent?
Contact a Insurance company today, and talk to a agent who can answer any Life insurance question you might have. Expert advice is always the best advice. There are plenty of life insurance companies just type it into google and your set.The sooner the better, we never know what can happen in life.

Can  You  Borrow  Against  Annuities?
You cannot borrow from annuities. You may be able to withdraw some money without penalties according to the policys withdrawal provisions. But keep in mind that you may have a 10% tax penalty for accessing withdrawals before 59 . One way to accomplish your goal is to use your annuity as collateral at your local bank and borrow from it.

When  Does  Life  Insurance  Start?
While the definition is and seems simple, there is no more trickier issue in life insurance than when coverage starts. Most policies define start of coverage to be when the application is accepted and approved, payment is received and no outstanding policy delivery requirements remain outstanding. Interestingly enough, no agent has any binding authority with life insurance, which tells you right there how strictly the start-of-coverage rules are with life insurance. One word of advice: once you think your coverage is in force, ask for a note or letter stating so. Never assume that your coverage is in force until and unless all 3 conditions above have been met.

What  If  I  Don't  Use  My  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
This is a quandary for consumers. If they purchase long term care insurance and never use it, theyre out the premiums paid. Thats why many consumers are turning to another alternative; either purchasing annuities or life insurance with long term care riders, whereas, if you dont use the benefits of long term care rider you dont lose it. But in keep in mind the cost of the rider, if any, is still being deducted from the policy.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Damage  To  Personal  Property?
To the best of my knowledge almost all homeonwers insurance policies provide some personal property coverage less the policy deductible up to the policy limits. Read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that may be contained within or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

How  To  Cancel  HSBC  Life  Insurance?
If your HSBC Life Insurance policy is Term insurance, you can cancel it by simply stopping making payments. After a one month grace period, the policy will lapse. If you have permanent life insurance with HSBC you will want to talk to a professional about your options for your policy. You can call the customer service number provided on your statement or policy to talk about the best way of doing this.

What  Does  Optional  Life  Insurance  Mean?
Optional life insurance refers to the amount of life insurance that you can purchase through your place of work, that goes beyond the amount of life insurance your employer gives you. You will not have a tax break on this optional life insurance, but you will still be able to take advantage of the group life insurance rates.

Where  Can  I  Find  Home  Owners  Insurance  After  Being  Dropped  For  3  Claims  In  3  Years?
Most states offer a plan to insure difficult risks. Talk to your agent. Even top tier companies will accept such a risk if there has been active steps taken to preclude future losses and the losses dont appear to be the result of a moral hazard. I agree with my colleagues, though, you may find the risk difficult to insure and should anticipate increased cost.

Can  HSA  Be  Used  For  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Premiums?
Yes, HSA can be used to pay for tax qualified Long Term Care Insurance premiums, even if the Health Savings Account is offered through an employer provided cafeteria plan. LTC premiums are considered a qualified medical expense and as such, can be paid by an HSA up to a certain limit.

How  Much  Life  Insurance  Am  I  Able  To  Get?
How much life insurance for income replacement purposes you can get is primarily a function of your income if considering a purchase during your working years. Each insurance company has its own maximum limit of the amount they will issue you considering all of the life insurance you have on your life but a good rule of thumb for insureds under age 45 is up to 25 times earned income. The multiple is less at older ages and in retirement years, net worth becomes a key factor.

When  is  a  Life  Insurance  Policy  regarded  as  "in  force"?
This is probably a situation where you will want to get some legal advice. I have seen cases explained where it went both ways. The answer to your general question, however, is that the policy does not actually go into effect until the first payment is made and required delivery paperwork is received. What happens so often during life insurance underwriting is that you are not speaking with the person who makes the ultimate decisions. The fact that they told you to send in the first payment sounds like a good move on their part, so that base would at least be covered. But the legalities have to then go by their teams who make those complicated decisions. And far too often, auto generated memos go out without taking into account the whole situation. I say this not as an excuse for insurance companies, but just because we run into this a lot, where their letters have not caught up with current reality. If they had said your husband's policy was in effect on the day of his death, I think you would have a strong case. But with it being an approval letter, and then how it went down afterwards, I could not say. It certainly cannot hurt to ask a legal expert who can advise you, though. Best wishes and my condolences at this difficult time.

What  Health  Insurance  Should  I  Pick?
There are a several things to pick besides premium and they are available deductibles, copays, and coinsurance which makes up the total out of pocket costs. If you are healthy and don't go to the doctor much then a higher deductible and no doctor visits might fill your needs thus saving you money. On the other hand, if you go to the doctor more or have some medical issues then a lower deductible with doctor copays may be better for you which would be benefits that would raise your premium. The last, and maybe the most important, is the provider network that is affiliated with the carrier and how big is it in your area because the premium savings you may have could be eaten up by a the high cost of a poor provider network. If you have any questions or need more information please call Ronald G Hinch at 843-44450-9879.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Surrogacy?
I would have to say no. This is not usually a medically necessary procedure that can threaten ones ongoing health and well being. While there are sound reasons for surrogacy it is still considered elective in most cases. Check your policy or call your company to be sure.

How  To  Choose  A  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Policy?
When choosing a long term care insurance policy, you will want it to do what you want it to do, and fit your budget. Everything else is compromising so that you get the features that are most important to you at a price you can afford. Some features that are important to many people are that the policy will pay for home health as well as nursing hoe or assisted living care, that it has a cost of living feature to accommodate escalating costs, or that it has a short enough elimination period that not much has to be paid out of pocket.

When  Do  I  Need  To  Get  Homeowners  Insurance?
The first person that will ask you for a homeowners policy is the title officer when you close escrow on your home. The policy is required by the mortgage company to protect their interests in the property. However, even if you dont get that call, you can be sure that insurance is being placed on the property. If you are not using a lender then purchasing a homeowners policy is just good judgment and should be implemented as soon as you have a residence.

Can  Non  US  Citizens  Get  Health  Insurance?
Yes. A legal, non-citizen resident of the U.S. can get health insurance domestically. To make things even more interesting, ObamaCare contains provisions that may actually be more advantageous to legal non-citizens than to American citizens. Section 1401 of the Affordable Care Act created Section 36B of the IRS code which includes "Special Rule For Certain Individuals Lawfully Present In the United States". This rule states that lawfully present aliens with incomes under the Federal Poverty guidelines who "are not eligible for Medicaid under Title XIX of the Social Security Act by reason of such alien status" shall be treated as though they had incomes above the Federal poverty level, thus entitling them to Federal insurance subsidies. This can lead to the situation where a lower income American citizen is forced into Medicaid (or left uncovered if they fall into the gap area in states that did not raise their minimum eligibility threshold for Medicaid eligibility) while a legal non-citizen at the same income level will be allowed to purchase health insurance through the government health insurance marketplace and to qualify for subsidies for their health insurance premiums.

Does  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Funeral  Expenses?
No. Auto insurance pays to repair your car if you wreck it. It can also pay to repair other people's cars if you hit them. To cover funeral expenses you need life insurance of some sort. There are funeral preneed insurance policies for this specific purpose or you can use any death benefit from any life insurance that is in force at the time of your death. Also your funeral planning insurance won't pay for your car to be repaired if you wreck it.

How  To  Switch  Health  Insurance  Companies?
Under the affordable care act, you can change to another health insurance plan during the open enrollment period each year. If you're outside the open enrollment period and want to switch plans, you would need to qualify for a special enrollment period (also referred to as a qualifying life-changing event). Since a carrier can no longer decline you for a pre-existing condition, health insurance plans are, in short, guaranteed-issue. However, changing plans may not necessarily be in your best interest. Be sure to do an in-depth comparison of your existing plans and the proposed new plans you're looking at to see which is truly better/more advantageous for your own situation - premiums, coinsurance, copayments, deductibles, out-of-pocket maximums, networks (HMO vs. PPO vs. POS) and other factors should be taken into account. An experienced health insurance broker can help you with this review. Please feel free to contact me for further assistance. Thanks very much.

What  Does  The  Average  Life  Insurance  Agent  Make?
That is an excellent question! The answer will depend upon the agent. If you are looking for a career in the insurance industry, there are a couple of things that you should know. You can make a great living, if you have the following traits: A thick skin, (there is a lot of rejection) a genuine desire to help your clients ( if they sense that you are looking at them like they are this month's rent, you've lost the sale and you don't know it yet), and a great drive to be out in the field working. If you are looking for a steady paycheck kind of job, unless you are always on the go, and very good at sales, this isn't that kind of career. There will be good months, and some not so good months. The company that you work for, and the commission that you earn for their policy types will also play a big part in your earnings. If you would like some more insight, please drop me a line, I'd be happy to discuss this with you. Thanks for asking!

What  Happens  During  A  Life  Insurance  Physical?
The exact tests that are required for an exam a person will take will depend on several factors - their age, the amount of coverage they're applying for, and the carrier they're applying to. Each carrier has their own underwriting guidelines so some may have different exam requirements than others. For middle aged individuals, you will most commonly see an exam consist of 3 parts: 1) Paramedical exam - checking your height/weight, your pulse, and going through the medical questions 2) Blood Test 3) Urine Test If you're an older individuals (e.g. age 55), some carriers may also ask for an EKG to be completed with the other exam requirements. If you're a senior (e.g. age 70), some carriers may ask you to complete a mature assessment (congnitive and physical movement testing - e.g. memory tests, walk a distance, etc.). Exams typically take no more than a half hour or so and can be completed in the privacy of your own home (some people prefer their work place which is also acceptable). You don't have to go to a doctor's office or a clinic to have the exams done. One recommendation is know which carrier and which of their programs you are going to apply for. You don't want to take an exam before completing the application process because if you apply to another carrier than you may have originally intended, you may have to complete extra testing because that 2nd carrier may have more markers they check for (therefore extra exam requirements/tests) than the other carrier. Ideally, you want to have everything in order and make sure it's right so you only have to do it once. Please feel free to contact me if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Counseling?
Health Insurance will generally cover counseling that is needed to address substance abuse or mental health issues. Although there is usually a specified limit to how many days/sessions will be covered each policy year. Counseling for other purposes such as couples counseling would not be covered by a health insurance policy.

Can  I  Cancel  A  Renters  Insurance  Claim?
Once claims are filed they stay with you and in most states cannot be "removed". You can decide that you don't want to take any claim money and at that point it would be a zero paid claim. This has always bothered me as an agent but when calling the state department of insurance no one will give a straight answer as to why insurance companies cannot take it off of your policy.

When  Is  Full  Coverage  Auto  Insurance  Required?
That's a great question! Most commonly, you will be required to carry full coverage insurance on the car idf the car has been purchased through a lender. So that they are not out their investment in your car, they will often require the full coverage on the car. You may also need it for company vehicles, but lenders most commonly. Thank you for asking!

How  Would  A  Medicare  Voucher  Program  Work?
A Medicare voucher program as proposed by Paul Ryan would mostly work like the current system. Your current options are to enroll in traditional Medicare and buy a supplement plan or not. Or you can opt out of original Medicare and enroll in a privatized Medicare Advantage system offered by insurance carriers.

Will  Home  Insurance  Cover  Chimney  Damage?
Depending on what the damage is, the chimney may be covered. Most homeowners policies will cover the damage if caused by fire, wind, hail, smoke, explosion, vandalism, falling objects and collision. However if the damage is just caused by normal wear and tear then this would not be a covered peril of your policy.

When  Should  You  Buy  Whole  Life  Insurance?
As soon as possible. If you want to protect your assets like your house, any debt or taxes owed if something should happen to you. Last thing you want to do is have a financial burden on your family. If your looking at saving for the future, specifically retirement planning, than life insurance is a great product to have. Tax deferred and tax free are two of the most important things you want to know and understand. If you mixed that earning a rate of return on your money, and compound interest than you have the best of three worlds. Saving, interest, earning interest on top of the interest you just earned while having it all be tax free. Actually the best of 4 worlds lol.

Are  Insurance  Agents  Necessary?
You can buy most types of insurance without an agent. But it doesn't save you any money. You pay the same. The agent is someone who understands a lot more about insurance than you do. He helps you avoid mistakes. When people are left to their own choices they make huge mistakes with insurance. In fact they tend to put huge importance on BRANDS of insurance rather than the specifics of their policy. That's a huge mistake. You can buy without an agent. And I am an agent so I might be biased but if you show me 10-people who bought insurance without a good agent I can show you 10- people that I can give much better choices to. The problem is most agents are less than 1-year on the job and only know a little more than you do. When you choose your agent the first thing you should ask is how long they have been a full time insurance agent. Over 5-years is good. Less than 2-years is real bad. Let them learn on other people. Also ask if the are independent or work mainly for one company. If they work mainly with one company, that's not good unless you don't care about price and value. Your agent is free for you. Interview several. Fire them if they don't fit well with you. Use them to your benefit.

What  Health  Insurance  Do  I  Need?
What health insurance do I need? The one that pays your medical expenses when you get sick or hurt. The best health insurance policy is the one in force when you need. Advice: Purchase the best benefits you can reasonably afford on a monthly basis. You'll never regret that decision and be happy(happier) when something happens. Purchase the cheapest policy available and you'll surely regret it. For more information on purchasing the right health insurance plan please visit www.clminsure.com or call 561-320-2978

What  Is  Other  Structures  Coverage  On  Homeowners  Insurance?
Other structures on your homeowners policy would typically be out buildings such as sheds. Most homeowners policy's provide up to ten percent of the policy valuation for this type of coverage less your policy deductible. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Why  Do  You  Need  Life  Insurance?
Video Transcript: Today's question is: Why do I need life insurance? You need life insurance if you have financial indebtedness, if you have beneficiaries that would have to pick up that tab if you were not there. We'd also need future obligations that you want to be able to make sure that you protect; it could be college planning, it could be retirement planning. Anytime you have obligations that you want to protect your beneficiaries from, whether it's indebtedness, future obligations, even charitable intent, you want to make sure that you're covered with life insurance. You can get coverage sometimes through group plans through work, you could buy individually, and sometimes you can buy small units with guaranteed underwriting so you don't have to go through the underwriting process. Even simplified underwriting can do it. Whether you're using full underwriting, simplified, or guaranteed, you can get the coverage that you need to protect your beneficiaries from the financial liability that you may incur.

What  Do  Life  Insurance  Blood  Tests  Screen  For?
Since Life Insurance Company's are in the business of paying a benefit upon your death, the blood tests look at everything that affects your mortality. In other words, how long do they expect you to live. The blood tests check everything from your cholesterol, the good and bad ratios, to liver enzymes. They look for nicotine to other drugs in the system This check is one of the most though available.

How  Do  You  Succeed  In  Life  Insurance  Sales?
While most of my career has been in online sales, Outlook Life has opened several storefronts, as well. I have found more success in online sales, but that may be because it suits my personality better. Most people make far better salespeople when meeting with their clients face to face. If you are considering online sales, here is an article I wrote about how to succeed in life insurance sales when operating from the internet. WEBSITELINK I will let the other outstanding agents on this website who run brick and mortar offices answer the question from that perspective.

If  My  Employer  Provides  Me  With  Health  Insurance,  Do  I  Have  To  Take  It?
You do not have to accept group coverage through your employer as you always have the option of purchasing an individual health insurance plan on or off the health insurance exchanges (if you qualify for a subsidy, you may want to look at on-exchange plans first - subsidies cannot be used towards off-exchange plans). If you have group coverage available to you through your employer and your spouse has group coverage through their employer and you only want to go on group coverage (and not buy individual coverage), you generally would need to accept the coverage through your employer and would not qualify to be covered under your spouse's group plan through their employer. You should be able to contact your company's HR department to get a definitive answer regarding your specific circumstances because some rules for group coverage can vary depending on whether you're a part time or full time worker, whether coverage meets ACA requirements for minimum essential coverage, and other factors. If you're getting married, you would have a qualifying event for a special enrollment period to purchase an individual health plan. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Should  I  Get  My  Own  Disability  Insurance?
If you do not have Disability Insurance through your work, it is a good idea to get your own DI policy. Or, if your work policy does not provide as much coverage as you would like, you could purchase a supplementary Disability Insurance policy. Long Term Disability is the type of DI policy most people purchase on their own.

How  Does  An  IRA  Retirement  Plan  Work?
An individual IRA retirement plan is a qualified defined contribution under ERISA, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. The plan allows tax deductible contributions up to $5,500 for 2013 and an addition $1,000 under the catch up provision for those over age 50. An IRA accumulates tax deferred and upon distributions is taxable as ordinary income. Keep in mind that distributions before age 59 will also be subject to a 10% penalty.

Does  Indexed  Universal  Life  Insurance  Work?
Sometimes. The company controls the fees, the costs, the mortality charges. They send you a bill for it all. The cash value is used for this when the policies are funded at the correct level. The problem is when the agent shows you an illustration that has a higher than 6% rate of return. Don't fall for this trick. And remember there is the average return and then there is the actual returns.

What  Home  Insurance  Is  The  Best?
The best homeowners policy is the one that pays the claims at a time of loss with the least hassle and most satisfactory settlement. The key to having that kind of experience is really between you and the agent. Having good records of the contents of the home goes a long way in settling a personal property loss. This can be done with simple photographs or video, safely stored off-site. The other issue is making sure you have the highest possible liability limit as a law suit can ruin your weekend.

Does  My  Auto  Insurance  Cover  A  Rental  Truck?
In most cases the answer is yes, you are covered for liability. The rental company covers the truck. Should you be involved in an at-fault accident, your liability coverage would pay first for any bodily injury or property damage related to that accident. If it is a non fault accident then the rental companies insurance will generally pay. Read the terms of your contract with the rental company and know your own policy. If you have questions check with your insurance agent who knows the laws in your state and your specific policy.

Is  Disability  Insurance  Considered  Health  Insurance?
Although disability insurance and health insurance are both morbidity insurance products they are not the same. Disability insurance can protects the income of the insured, it can protect the retirement contributions of the insured, it can protect business overhead expenses, key employees and bank loans from the disability of its business owners. Medical insurance protects against the expense of hospitalization or emergency room visits after the deductible has been satisfied.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Forest  Fires?
That is a great question! Fires were the number one reason that homeowners policies came about way back when, and still are one of the top reasons to have one. Unless you just took out your policy as the fire raged closer, you should be fine. Good luck, and thanks for asking!

Is  Medicare  Coverage  Enough?
"Enough" is a relative term. Consider that Medicare pays about 80% of hospital and outpatient claims, relying on Medicare alone might be a pricey gamble. You may not need a comprehensive Medigap plan F that covers all approved Medicare Part A and Part B claims but most people will want some assistance. For many, Medicare supplement plan G or N is a good alternative. For those on a tight budget or if you have ample savings, Medigap Hi F is a consideration.

Why  Is  Renters  Insurance  Needed?
When you lease or rent anything, you generally bring personal items onto the premises. And although the landlord or property owner has insurance for the build or property, they generally dont cover personal items. Renters insurance is very affordable and you should have it when you lease a build, apartment, etc.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Vandalism?
A homeowners policy (primary occupied dwelling)written on a special form would cover vandalism. This is not to be mistaken with a rental property which may exclude vandalism, especially if caused by tenants. Check with your agent for the details and coverages of your particular policy to see if your policy includes vandalism coverages.

What  To  Consider  When  Buying  Life  Insurance?
The most important consideration is the agent with whom you chose to deal. That agent should listen to you, make sound financial recommendations, and communicate clearly with you and the insurance company. Setting the appropriate limits and developing a mix of life insurance policies is absolutely critical. You could have an A+ rated company providing all the guarantees known to man but if the limits are wrong those you love will suffer. That is, after all, the purpose of life insurance.

When  Should  I  Save  For  Retirement?
That is a great question! I cannot emphasize enough that the earlier you start, the better off you will be. The amount of money you may need to be comfortable in retirement may be achievable only by starting soon. A rule of thumb? To live your current lifestyle, you will need to have 8-10 times your current salary. It might be wise for you to schedule an appointment with someone who can help you look at the options available to you, your HR person at work, for your plan options, and then a financial advisor or planner to help you get started. Contact me if you need any help, and thanks for asking!

Can  An  Auto  Insurance  Claim  Be  Canceled?
I'm not certain of the reasoning behind this question. The carrier would be the only party that would be capable of cancelling a claim after it's processing had begun, but I suspect that most carriers would only allow this to happen undervery specific circumstances. The insured would be capable of requesting the claim be cancelled, but that would more than likely be all the more influance that they have.

Can  Foreign  Nationals  Get  Medicare?
If you are a resident of the United States and either a citizen or are an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence who has lived in the US continually for at least 5 years, and if you are age 65, you can enroll in Part B Medicare and pay a premium for Part A Medicare. Call 1-800-MEDICARE to be sure.

How  Long  After  An  Injury  Can  I  File  Workmans  Comp?
Workers Comp injuries are to be reported and filed immediately. The longer you wait the more potential problems you may have with the claim as this would seem suspicious. This is not to say late reporting does not happen but there will be additional investigating. In most cases you could potentially go as much as a year but rules vary by state. If you have a legitimate WC claim I suggest you report the issue right away.

Can  You  Withdraw  Annuities?
Most Deferred Annuities allow you to withdraw a certain amount free of surrender charges. Many allow 10% free each year. Others allow 5% or whatever interest has accumulated. Ask your agent or read your contract to find out the specific amount your annuity allows. An Immediate Annuity is usually more restrictive when it comes to withdrawals. It is usually only advisable to take withdrawals from an immediate annuity in the event of an emergency. But since an immediate annuity pays a monthly or yearly income, it is usually rare that people access any withdrawal features.

Can  I  Take  Out  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  On  My  Spouse?
It is usually permissible to take out life insurance on your spouse. Because most couples live together and share expenses and income, they have a financial interest in each other's lives. That is what the underwriter looks at when determining whether you can take out a policy on your spouse. Life insurance underwriters also take into consideration how much coverage you have on yourself, and possibly may ask your reason for owning your spouse's policy. Your spouse must give consent by signing the application.

I  Am  64  When  Should  I  Apply  For  Medicare?
Most people are automatically enrolled in Medicare Part A and Part B when they turn 65. Your cards should arrive a few months before your 65th birthday. If your birthday falls on the first day of the month your Medicare coverage begins the first of the prior month. If your birthday is July 1 your Medicare begins on June 1. Otherwise, your coverage begins the first day of the month you turn 65

Why  Aviva  For  Annuities?
How about why not Aviva...Aviva sold their US portfolio to Athene. This means that Aviva no longer does business in the US and all previous Aviva policyholders are now Athene clients. If you currently have a policy with Aviva and there is anything specific I can help you with please don't hesitate to ask. I have clients that were with Aviva and are now with Athene.

How  Can  I  Get  Cheap  Car  Insurance  For  My  Daughter?
The best place to start is by talking to your Insurance Professional about your existing car insurance. Ask about any and all available discounts that your company may offer. If you have 2 cars and your daughter will make 3 drivers, she might be elligible for occasional driver rates which can save money. Likewise, her successful completion your state approved Driver Education course and a maintenance of good grades in school can also certainly help keep the premiums down. LIke the rest of us, it is also critical that your young driver follow the rules of the road and operate your car in a lawful and prudent manner in order to avoid tickets and accidents.

Can  Someone  In  Jail  Get  Life  Insurance?
Nearly all life insurance policies are NOT available to persons in jail, because nearly all policies ask about recent crimes or probation. However, technically, guaranteed issue life insurance policies should be able to be obtained by inmates who fit the age guideline, are applying for an amount that is financially justifiable, and who have enough income or assets to pay premiums. I called Colonial Penn to ask about their guaranteed acceptance life insurance and the representative said that someone in jail could get it if he/she met the guidelines.

How  Much  Would  A  Million  Dollar  Life  Insurance  Policy  Cost?
That is a great question! Unfortunately, I'd need a lot more information from you. There would need to be the simple things, like your age, gender, smoking preference, and health issues; then we'd have to decide whether you would even be able to purchase that much coverage, based upon your income. Then we'd look at the reason for the insurance, and determine the best type of policy to do that. Then we could talk about price. If you'd like to have that conversation, please feel free to inbox me, ok? Thanks for asking!

What  Does  Stop  Loss  Mean  In  Health  Insurance?
Stop loss is normally a term used in self funded employer group health plans but I have heard the phrase used to describe traditional major medical plans as well. Your stop loss is the point where (at least in theory) your liability for paying out of pocket ceases and the carrier pays 100% of future covered claims. This only works in a practical matter in the case of a high deductible health plan (HDHP) where eligible claims are covered at 100% once the deductible is satisfied. If you have a copay plan you can satisfy your major medical deductible and then hit your out of pocket coinsurance limit (stop loss) but still be responsible for paying claims for doctor visits, Rx and other items.

Who  Should  I  Get  Life  Insurance  With?
You should get life insurance with an agency you trust, first of all. If you have a health condition, you can save a lot of frustration and money by using someone who specializes in life insurance for your type of health. It is handy to use a broker who can shop a lot of companies from one spot, as it can be very confusing to compare policies when they all have different features. Ask about their customer service, too, as you will want to work with this agency in the years to come.

How  Much  Does  Home  Insurance  Cost  Roughly?
Based on my experience within my geographic location, I have seen homeowners policies as low as about four hundred dollars per year. I would say that the average cost of a homeowners policy within my area is about one thousand dollars per year. Contact a local agent to find out more information about coverage availability and pricing within your area for the coverages that you are seeking.

Who  Funds  Disability  Insurance?
The funding source of paying disability claims depends on who is backing up the promise to do so. 1. Social Security DI is funded by tax-payers 2. State-sponsored DI (if available) is usually funded by employers within that state. (A sole-proprietor that constitutes a company of one person may be able to "opt in" to the program with special enrollment.) 3. Individual - or corporate-owned DI is funded by an insurance company that collects premiums from the individual or corporation to form a "pool" of money from which claims are paid. In any of these cases, the funding source must have sufficient funds in the pool to pay out legitimate claims as they are submitted. Premiums reflect the justified cost of maintaining that fund at the proper level. Therefore, claims may require a company to submit an application to the State Department of Insurance for increasing premiumsfora specified "block of business" within which claims will - or already have - exceeded premiums coming in for that block. (An individual cannot be singled out for premium increases.) If one owns a policy that is "non-cancelable", that term means that the carrier cannot increase premiums for any reason over the life of the policy.

Does  Whole  Life  Insurance  Make  Sense?
There can be a place for Whole Life. Withpeople who are well-off,itcan be a convenient option to insure a business partner or loan, bequeath a charity, pay estate taxes, or leave a legacy to heirs. These folks already have substantial other investments. But that is not most people. the typical profile of a term life insurance owner is someone who is a family breadwinner and has minimal savings. It is critical protection. If you are in this category and aren't insured, get insurednow! It is simple and inexpensive. To prepare you to speak with an agent and to save money,get some life insurance quotes so that you can compare rates. QualityTermLife's website offer at current rates from over 50 top insurance companies.

How  Much  Will  Health  Insurance  Cost  Under  The  Affordable  Care  Act?
Some have said the rates will go up and others have said the rates will go down. Everyone is probably correct since there are many variables that the actuaries use to determine rates. The good news is that as of 10/1 the health insurance rates based on the Affordable Care Actare now available so you can find out whether they will go up or down for you and/or your family. Keep in mind, there have and will continue to be many technological issues. You have until 12/7 to make your decision for your 1/1/14 policy. You may want to wait to do your analysis with your broker for another week or two for some of the glitches to be fixed, but don't wait until the last minute or your may face other problems including possible penalties.

When  Do  You  Pay  A  Deductible  On  Auto  Insurance?
You will pay a deductible on car insurance if you file a "physical damage" claim on your policy. Physical Damage is separated into two areas: Collision and "Other than Collision" or Comprehensive. Both deal with damage to YOUR car as a result of a covered loss. There are a few situations where you will not pay a deductible. If you have Full Glass protection and your window glass needs to be replaced or repaired because, say a rock hits it. Then because you have full glass, you will not pay a deductible. Likewise, if you have towing or "Roadside Assistance" you will not be responsible for a deductible. Some companies offer "Vanishing Deductible"and "Advance Deductible", both of which are fantastic features. Call your Insurance Professional to ask what your poliy covers BEFORE you need it.

What  To  Look  For  In  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
The three big concerns: Affordability, proper coverage, good customer service/reliability. Beware of anything that seems too affordable, promises a large amount of coverage for very little, or unanswered calls or emails. Shop for insurance like you would for a car, one that fits your needs and budget, and that you are proud to be seen with!

Who  Offers  Medicare  Part  D?
A number of private health insurance companies offer Medicare Part D. There are some websites on the internet that will allow you to put in your state and see what plans are available. Here is one of those websites. WEBSITELINK This is a helpful tool to see who offers Medicare Part D in your area.

Can  Auto  Insurance  Be  Cancelled?
The short answer is yes. It is important to keep in mind, however, that most States, like Connecticut where we are, require liabilityinsurance as a condition of maintaining registration. Thus, cancelling insurance on a car without cancelling the registration could result in a fine, a suspension of the registration or both. If you are financing a car, the finance company requires both Comprehensive and Collision coverage on that car, and if leasing, not only those but also liability protection and usually at a secific level of coverage. Cancelling insurance in a case such as those could result in your car being reposessed. An insurance company may also cancel a policy. These are usually "non renewals' of coverage as a result of the insured no longer meeting underwriting standards. Before you do anything, it is best to check with your Insurance Professional.

Can  You  Buy  Auto  Insurance  Out  Of  State?
You must purchase your auto insurance policy in the state in which the vehicle is registered due to the regulatory framework of the insurance industry. Every state has regulatory agency that approves rates and coverage for companies operating within that state. If you own multiple vehicles in multiple states you would need to buy separate policies within each state.

What  Is  A  Registered  Retirement  Savings  Plan?
In Canada a Registered Retirement Saving Plan is a program to encourage people to save for retirement. The plan has a number of regulations, but the basics are that you can deduct your contributions up to a yearly maximum, the grow tax sheltered and are then taxable when withdrawn. You have to start withdrawn before December 31 in the year in which to turn 71. More information on my website www.jpw.ca If you would like to work with a local Retirement Planner, you could start with a Google search. For example if you search for: retirement planner Halifax or retirement planning Halifax, my name along with several others will come up. You can use the same method to find Retirement Planners in your community. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.

How  Hard  Is  It  To  Sell  Life  Insurance?
I don't think selling life insurance is much harder than selling anything else. If you have the right mindset of helping people instead of just closing people to earn a paycheck then you can do well. You must understand that the selling an intangible product versus a tangible product is more about technique. A life insurance policy is a piece of paper and a promise for peace of mind in case of a disaster of an early death. The biggest thing you will need is to be credible. Credibility comes from helping clients with the right product at the right price for their unique situation. It is not "selling your product" to a prospect. We all only have our reputation, don't ruin it by selling instead of helping.

Does  Medicare  Pay  For  Xarelto?
When Xarelto is covered it would be under Medicare Part D. Check your formulary. Xarelto is commonly use to treat and prevent DVT (deep vein thrombosis). There are no generic equivalents. Eliquis is also used for the same conditions. There are no generic equivalents for Eliquis either. CarePath discount cards may be available.

Can  I  Get  Short  Term  Disability  Insurance?
Assuming you are healthy, working and generally younger than age 65, yes you should be able to secure disability insurance coverage. But before you start shopping for short term disability insurance you may have it already in your employer group benefit plan, so talk to your human resource department to find out. If you decide to shop for short term disability insurance, keep in mind that there are really only about a dozen disability companies worth reviewing. You can divide them into two categories: blue and white collar vocations. Once you identify your category the companies to review are few. We can help with that.

How  Much  Does  Individual  Health  Insurance  Cost  In  Texas?
The cost will depend on several factors: age, gender, Zip Code, health status, tobacco use and the plan of benefits you choose. After 1/1/14, plans will no longer require health status, age orgenderto determine cost but it will probably cost you more to wait. Do a search for "health insurance" and you will find several sites to provide quotations.

What  Are  The  Benefits  Of  Part  B  Medicare?
Medicare Part B covers most of your outpatient care. Medicare Part B requires you to satisfy an annual deductible ($147 in 2013) before Medicare pays for your outpatient claims. Once the deductible is satisfied, Medicare pays 80% of the approved amount and you pay the remaining 20%. There is no upper cap on your OOP under your 20% share.

Is  Western  National  Life  Insurance  Company  AIG?
Western National Life was acquired by American General Life in late 2012. American International Group (AIG) owns American General Life. So Western National Life is now part of American General, and American General is owned by American International Group. They are not the same, however, as American International Group is simply the parent holding company.

Who  Owns  Life  Insurance  Policy  When  Owner  Dies?
If the owner and insured are two different people and the owner predeceases the insured, the ownership of the life insurance policy would be given to the contingent policyowner, if one was named. If a contingent policyowner is not cited in the policy, then the policy would transfer to his/her's estate and go through the probate process. So, in short, ownership would be determined by a judge. When you set up a policy with the owner and beneficiary as the same person, many people will cite the contingent beneficiary as the contingent owner in case they want to carry the policy forward. Keep in mind, if the policy goes through the probate process to determine ownership, someone must still continue to pay the premiums. Please feel free to contact me for further assistance. Thanks very much.

If  I  Retire  At  62  Can  I  Get  Medicare?
Medicare payments usually begin when you are 65 (assuming you are retired and notdisabled). You may be able to get extended coverage through your employer plan until age 65 or apply for individual coverage through some of the largest and most reputable health insurers. The official Social Security website or an experienced broker can provide additional details.

Why  Buy  Disability  Insurance?
Disability insurance is fundamentally paycheck protection. The odds of you experiencing a disability, lasting at least 30 months, is statistically and substantially higher than dying. All your domestic expenses and future obligations are predicated on your earning ability. Its that important! Buying term life insurance and spending the difference on disability insurance is a foundational part of defensive planning.

Does  Health  Insurance  Pay  Nutritionist?
There may be situations where a health insurance plan will cover the cost of nutritional counseling. If you are at risk for type II diabetes, or if you have type II diabetes, your doctor may suggest nutritional counseling to help you control or lose weight. Also, people who are morbidly obese may qualify for nutritional counseling to help them lose weight.

Why  Do  You  Need  Long  Term  Disability  Insurance?
Long Term Disability Insurance pays you a cash benefit if you are unable to work for an extended period of time. Becoming temporarily or permanently disabled is a traumatic event in itself. Not having any income during that time makes it much more life changing. Disability Insurance gives you the means to get through a difficult experience with fewer "scars" than you would without it.

Is  Critical  Illness  Insurance  PPI?
Critical Illness Insurance is not the same type of policy as PPI (Payment Protection Insurance). Critical Illness Insurance pays a lump sump to the insured person if the Insured suffers a qualifying illness or health condition. PPI makes payments for a mortgage or large loan if the insured person is unable to work due to an accident, illness, or losing their job. It might also pay off the loan if the insured person dies due to that condition.

What  Is  Joint  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Joint life policies are Life Insurance policies that are written on two lives rather than single, This means that if one of the joint policyholders dies during the term then the benefits would be paid to the use surviving holder. This is only a one time payment and the policy is to insure two lives. On the contrary, in a single policy the policy is written on one person or two people, therefore, becomes separate policies and the benefits are payed for each policy owner.

Why  Would  One  Borrow  From  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
The concept of borrowing from a life insurance policy, whether it is a whole life or universal life insurance policy, is taxes. The idea of cash value life insurance is the ability to accumulate cash that is tax deferred. You may later in life or in your retirement be able to borrow down your cash value. This does two good things for you. It keeps your death benefit in tact, but can lower it as cash value is depleted and because you are borrowing your own money and the insurance company is charging you very low interest rate, Uncle Sam considers the money a loan and not income. This means your money is income tax free. Always seek the advice of your agent or company. There are a few caveats that you should be aware of while you are borrowing against your cash value life insurance policy, but it can be a very effective tool for you to use in retirement. You also have the choice to repay the cash value or not. Beware of cashing out your cash value life insurance policy because those proceeds are taxable.

Can  You  Have  Medicare  Part  B  Only?
Yes, it's possible to enroll in Medicare Part B without also enrolling in Medicare Part A. You can do this if you're 65 or older, a U.S. resident (additional rules apply for non-U.S. citizens), and do not yet qualify for premium-free Part A (having met the requirement of 40 quarters (10 years) of working life and paying FICA taxes).If you qualify for premium-free Part A, you'll apply for both Part A & B together or apply for Part A first and Part B down the line.

How  Much  Is  The  Cheapest  Renters  Insurance?
I can not speak for all of the carriers out there, but the lowest premium amount that I have seen for renters insurance coverage was about $100/yr. at a $15000 coverage level. Every carrier sets there own premium and coverage thresholds. To best find out what rates are available within your area contact a local agent to discuss your coverage needs and if the first agent you contact isn't a good fit contact another.

When  Is  Life  Insurance  Deductible  As  An  Expense  To  A  Business?
In order to get the most up to date answer to this question refer to IRS Publication 535 (2012) - that describes business expenses. As of the day when I type this answer,you generally can deduct premiums you pay for thelife insurance covering your officers and employees if you are not directly or indirectly a beneficiary under the contract. However,you cannot deduct premiums on the certain life insurance and annuities: - For contracts issued before June 9, 1997, you cannot deduct the premiums on a life insurance policy covering you, an employee, or any person with a financial interest in your business if you are directly or indirectly a beneficiary of the policy. You are included among possible beneficiaries of the policy if the policy owner is obligated to repay a loan from you using the proceeds of the policy. A person has a financial interest in your business if the person is an owner or part owner of the business or has lent money to the business. - For contracts issued after June 8, 1997, you generally cannot deduct the premiums on any life insurance policy, endowment contract, or annuity contract if you are directly or indirectly a beneficiary. The disallowance applies without regard to whom the policy covers. Partners. If, as a partner in a partnership, you take out an insurance policy on your own life and name your partners as beneficiaries to induce them to retain their investments in the partnership, you are considered a beneficiary. You cannot deduct the insurance premiums.

Can  You  Have  Medicare  Advantage  And  Medigap?
No. You can only have one or the other - you cannot have both Medicare Advantage and Medigap plans. This rule was created by CMS, the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services. I hope the information is helpful - if you need assistance with your coverage, including quotes and plan comparisons, please feel free to contact me. Thanks very much.

Is  There  A  Penalty  For  Switching  Auto  Insurance?
There is no penalty I'm aware of for "switching" insurers but there are often penalties for terminating an insurance policy prior to its expiration date. The "penalty" is often 5-10% of the unearned premium. The unearned premium is the amount the insurance company would have charged you for the coverage from the date you are cancelling to the date coverage would have normally expired. If you are "switching" insurers to achieve a significant premium savings or better coverage, the "penalty" should not be a major reason for delaying that decision.

What  Is  So  Bad  About  Annuities?
Product selection is a client suitability issue, not a moral assessment. For example: People who consider tax deferred, fixed rate annuities are generally long term savers who desire a better interest rate than a mid to long term bank CD. They also may have a high effective tax bracket and desire to defer taxes, something a CD doesn't do. There are also other crediting methods for tax deferred annuities that may appeal to investors. All saving and investing products need to be carefully weighed before any purchase to establish the product fit or it's suitability for the client.

Which  Medicare  Is  Free?
In terms of Original Medicare, most people who are citizens or permanent residents of the United States can get premium free Medicare Part A (hospital insurance) at age 65 or older. At age 65, you are eligible if: You receive or are eligible for Social Security benefits. You receive or are eligible to receive railroad retirement benefits. You or your spouse (living or deceased, including divorced spouses) worked long enough in a government job and paid Medicare taxes. You are the dependent parent of a fully insured deceased child. Before age 65, you are eligible for free Medicare Part A (hospital insurance) if: Youve been entitled to receive Social Security disability benefits for 24 months. You receive a disability pension from the railroad retirement board and meet certain conditions. If you receive Social Security disability benefits because you have Lou Gehrigs disease. You worked long enough in a government job and paid Medicare taxes and you meet Social Security disability program requirements. You are the child or widow(er) age 50 or older. This includes a divorced widow(er), of someone who has worked long enough in a government job where Medicare taxes were paid and you meet the Social Security disability program requirements. You receive maintenance dialysis or a kidney transplant because you have permanent kidney failure. You are eligible for or you already receive monthly benefits under Social Security or the railroad retirement system. You have met the required amount of time working in a Medicare covered government job. You are the child or spouse (also includes a divorced spouse) of a worker (living or deceased) who has worked long enough under Social Security or in a government (Medicare-covered) job.

What  Is  Aflac  Health  Insurance?
AFLAC is a company that offers supplementary benefits to individuals and families. Typically, these benefits will be monthly payments designed to help cover expenses from gaps in other insurance plans (such as health insurance). They are not primary policies and are not designed to replace, for example, a disability or health insurance contract that you currently pay for.

Can  A  Wife  Take  Out  Life  Insurance  On  Her  Husband?
Yes, a wife can take out life insurance coverage for her husband as there is an insurable interest. However, the wife cannot take out life insurance coverage without the husbands knowledge and consent. The husband must sign the application and submit his personal and medical information to the insurance company's underwriting department.

Whose  Insurance  Covers  Damage  To  Adjoining  Units  In  A  Townhome  Fire?
I believe the primary responsibility would fall onto the carrier that insures the unit where the first originated. Depending on the circumstances each owners insurance carrier may step in and pay for the damage claims submitted by their insured and then handle the claims paid with the carrier of the insured where the fire originated. Ultimately all the carriers involved will be trying to get their clients "whole again". Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

What  Is  Purchased  Life  Annuities?
Life annuities would be annuities that pay an income benefit for the life of the annuitant. This means that as long as the annuitant is alive, the annuity will pay an income benefits. As soon as the annuitant dies the income benefits will stop. This happens regardless of the amount of money paid out (i.e. the insurance company may not have paid out all of the initial money paid into the annuity and in this case keeps the money that has not yet been paid out).

How  Much  Does  The  Average  Person  Pay  For  Homeowners  Insurance?
The Average Person pays a wide variety of premium rates for homeowners insurance in the USA. Each State has a separate Department of Insurance and whole new set of rules regarding setting rates and risk assessment. Homeowners Insurance varies depending on geographic location, reconstruction cost of risk and prior history. There are also additional factors inclusive but not exclusive of optional limits required, amount of deductible and additional endorsements. If one is seeking a cheap but good homeowners insurance policy, the best way to handle it is obtain an online quote,request the minimum limits available forthe dwelling, the minimum personal liability limit available and the maximum deductible option; these entries will produce the lowest rate for the specific home. Please do take into consideration thatthe lowest premium will beoffered by 'preferred insurance carriers' who specialize inclaim free homes which are maintained inexcellent repair and display pride of ownership. To provide a simple, direct and online option to obtain a quote,the following link is available in multiple States: WEBSITELINK The above link will allow a client or a real estate professional to obtain a quote and purchase the insurance directly online.

What  Do  I  Need  For  Disability  Insurance?
The first need for disability insurance is a job. Disability insurance is designed to protect your most valuable asset, your ability to earn a living. There are two basic types of disability insurance, short term and long term. Short term is primarily used in case of a brief illness or injury to be able to have funds coming in to meet everyday bills. Long term disability is meant to supplement an income for years after becoming permanently or long term illness or injury.

Is  Hazard  Insurance  Same  As  Home  Insurance?
In the context of Homeownership, yes it is. Hazard Insurance is a general term that has come to be used that actually refers to a broad range of property and liability package insurance plans. It is probably most commonly used by banks and mortgage companies as a term in their loan requirements.

Does  State  Farm  Offer  Medigap  Insurance?
Yes, State Farm does offer Medigap Insurance in most states. Some plans are not available in some states. Here is a link to an article by Consumer Reports to help you determine which type of Medigap or Medicare Supplement plan(s) to get, or if you should get a Medciare Advanatage plan. WEBSITELINK

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  My  Bicycle?
Renters insurance is designed to cover sudden and accidental losses and will cover your personal property "any where in the world". If your belongings are stolen or damaged away from your residence most policies cover up to 10%. For example, if you have a Renters policy with the following limits: Personal Property = $20,000 Liability = $300,000 Medical = $1,000 Deductible = $500 If your bike is stolen away from your apartment you would have coverage up to 10% or $2,000. Keep in mind your deductible. In the example above you would receive a check for $700 - $500 = $200.

Who  Sells  Fixed  Index  Annuities?
Fixed annuities are sold by many major insurance companies including Prudential. Since there are so many facets and differences from one fixed annuity to the next (including of course...the interest rate guarantee!), it is critical to speak to a full-time licensed broker or financial planner to review the best annuity that is most suitable to your needs.

How  Can  I  Locate  A  Beneficary  To  A  Policy  Of  Federal  Kemper?
Protective Life bought Chase so you can contact Protective Life to inquire about that policy. Here is their contact information. Protective Life P O Box 12687 Birmingham, AL 35202 Phone: 1-800-866-9933 They do have an email address as well, which is ladphs@protective.com Best wishes and my sympathy on the loss of your mother.

Does  Walmart  Have  Disability  Insurance?
This article lists the benefits offered to full time Walmart employees: WEBSITELINK . There is a provision for short and long term disability insurance coverage with the health plan benefits offered by Walmart. Full time Walmart employees are called Walmart Associates and these benefits are extended to Associates.

How  Much  Does  Long  Term  Disability  Insurance  Cost?
Disability insurance depends on a number of factors. The cost (your premium) is based on a number of factors - the most important being your medical history, your job, and your income - and the policies are very customizable. This is a very important type of coverage to have that many don't think about. It protects one of your greatest assets - your ability to work.If you can't work because of an injury or illness, how do you provide income for you and your family. The answer? Your disability insurance. When you're buying a disability policy, the MOST important factor in the policy structure is the DEFINITION OF DISABILITY .Each policy will use 1 of the 3 definitions: 1) True Own Occupation - this says you are considered totally disabled if, solely due to injury or sickness, you are not able to perform the material and substantial duties of your occupation, even if you are at work in another occupation. In short, this is the most favorable definition you can have. 2) Modified Own Occupation - this says that you are considered totally disabled if, solely due to injury or sickness, you are not able to perform the material and substantial duties of your occupation. This one is commonly seen in many individual disability insurance policies. 3) Gainful Occupation - this says if you are unable to perform the duties of your occupation or any occupation for which you are qualified for by education, training, or experience due to sickness or injury. In short, this is the least favorable definition. This one is commonly seen in group disability insurance policies through an employer and property and casualty insurers that offer disability coverage. There are many moving parts to disability insurance and is not something I would suggest trying to buy on your own - this is a type of coverage you should consult with an experienced independent disability insurance broker about. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help with your coverage and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

How  Much  Will  My  Medicare  Cost?
For most individuals, Medicare Part A will be premium-free. This happens if you've hit your 40 quarters (10 years) of working life and paying FICA taxes. If you don't hit this, the premium will be up to $426 per month. In 2014, Individuals with Medicare Part B will pay anywhere from the minimum $104.90 per month (this is most individuals), up to the maximum of $335.70 per month, depending on your income level (individuals with higher incomes pay a higher premium due to the high-income penalty on Part B premium calculations). So for those with only Parts A & B, the "average" person will likely be paying $104.90 per month between the two. If you want to add prescription drug coverage or a Medicare supplement plan, you will have additional premium expenses (the premiums will also be based on the plan you're applying for, your age, and other factors).

When  Do  Immediate  Annuity  Payments  Begin?
Generally speaking the annuity payment starts within one year of making the deposit. Otherwise it is called a deferred annuity. Annuity payments come at regular intervals for the remainder of the annuitants life, unless he selects another option. This will provide a higher level of consumption and remove the risk of exhausting the capital.

Which  Company  Is  Best  For  Home  Insurance?
The best company for home insurance is the one that has a policy in force on your home. There might be reasons to change companies but it is the in force policy that you need. Insurance companies are highly regulated. Most states have an elected official whose responsibility is to monitor the activities of all the insurance companies admitted to that state. While there are minor differences in the balance sheets of companies you can expect that any insurance company doing business in your state is going to fulfill their contractual obligations to you.

What  Is  A  Declaration  Of  Homeowners  Insurance?
The declarations contain the specific information that tailors the homeowners policy to be your homeowners policy. It lists you and your lender; it has the limits, prices and other important information. There is a list on the declaration that shows pages that are attached to comprise the entire policy. That list can be quite important and should not be overlooked when you receive your policy.

What  Is  A  Premium  In  Health  Insurance?
A premium is the amount you pay to the insurance company (generally on a monthly basis - depending on the kind of insurance, you may desire to pay quarterly, semi-annually, or annually) in exchange for coverage under a given policy. When a certain type of claim is made, the insurance company is going to pay the claim instead of you up to the defined amounts as stated inside the policy - for health insurance, the policy may only state the carrier is going to cover a percentage of the claim and you would pay the difference.

Is  Medicare  Different  From  Medicaid?
Medicare is a federally run health insurance program for persons who are older, those who have been determined disabled by Medicare, or have end stage renal disease. Medicaid is a state run program to help pay health care costs for persons and families who have limited income and resources.

Who  Regulates  Medigap  Plans?
While Medigap plans are purchased through private insurance companies, and Medigap plans are administered by private insurance companies, it is actually the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) that regulates these Medicare supplemental insurance plans. The CMS determines what must be covered by these Medigap plans and coordinates them with Medicare Part A and B.

Is  Medicare  PPO  Or  HMO?
The good news is, Medicare is neither an HMO or PPO. You are free to use any doctor, hospital, lab, etc anywhere in the country. There are no networks, no artificial boundaries. Providers that accept assignment may not bill for excess charges. Pair original Medicare with Medigap plan F and you never have to worry about budgeting.

Can  You  Sign  Up  For  Car  Insurance  Online?
These days we can do almost anything on line and yes, signing up for car insurance is one of those things. Some companies only offer an on line experience, others offer products only through traditional brick and mortar locations and some offer both alternatives. As an agent and a licensed Insurance Professional, though, I am partial to the direct personal approach. The benefitsof sitting down and talking to a professional in my opinion are vastly different from filling in blanks on a computer screen. One on one, questions can be answered an you can be more sure that you are going to end up with the protection you need for you and your family that is customized especially for you. And, when the initial transaction is complete, you not only have the peace of mind that proper insurance provides, you also have the assurance of knowing that you have someone you trust working for you who will be there when you need them the most.

Is  Group  Disability  Insurance  Government  Provided?
No, Group Disability Insurance is not usually provided by the government. In the handful of states that offer Temporary Disability Insurance, some states provide the short term disability insurance. In the vast majority of cases, employers and businesses provide the disability group policies for their employees through group policies offered by companies that offer it.

How  Long  Does  It  Take  To  Get  Auto  Insurance?
As long as it takes to go online or drive to your local independent agents office and apply. You will have coverage as soon as you pay your premium. An agent is not permitted to back date a policy and the date and time of the application is recorded. Do not wait until you get a ticket or have an accident to pick up auto insurance.

Is  Tree  Root  Damage  Covered  By  Homeowners  Insurance?
Because tree root damage is a process that happens over a period of time tree root damage would not be a covered loss. Covered losses would fall under sudden and accidental. Tree root damage is neither sudden nor accidental. In fact the damage is actually preventable if the tree is properly maintained or removed if necessary. Keep in mind, a tree is just a plant and your plants needs to be kept up. As beautiful as they are sometimes you have to take the ax to the tree.

What  Is  A  Medicare  Advantage  MSA  Plan?
A Medicare Advantage MSA Plan is similar to a Health Savings Account (HSA). It allows the Medicare recipient to take out a high deductible Medicare Advantage Plan along with a Medicare Medical Savings Account. Money is deposited into the account by Medicare and is not taxed if used for qualifying medical expenses.

Does  Life  Insurance  Cover  Skiing?
Yes, life insurance covers skiing. If you are a recreational skier, there will not be any difference in your price than if you did not ski at all. Your policy would pay whether death occurred by illness or accident, even it it was a skiing accident. Your rate might be higher or the skiing might be excluded if you are a professional skier or participate in ski racing.

if  i  have  a  universal  life  policy  and  the  guaranteed  side  goes  to  zero  at  age  75  does  that  mean  that  I  lose  the  death  benefit  at  that  age?
I think it means that you lose the guarantee at age 75. At that point what will happen? The insurance company could very well send you a bill for a premium that is much, much higher than what you have been paying. Or, they may want to pay for the policy from your cash value, if that is a provision in the contract. Either way, you may be faced with options that you just dont want. It would be best for you to take charge of the situation now and do two things: 1. Get an in-force report showing current and future values, to see what you can expect on the policy going forward; 2. Shop out the coverage to see if another policy would help you better meet your goals.

What  Is  The  Best  Company  For  Medigap  Insurance?
The best Medicare supplemental insurance plan in your state is one that matches your needs and budget. Medigap insurance rates vary considerably by zip code, age, tobacco use and plan. The older you are the higher your Medicare supplement rate will be. The exception is for those who are under age 65 and on disability and Medicare. In most states rates for under age 65 are astronomical. Many carriers offer competitive rates from age 65 to 74. Above age 74 some plans (surprisingly) become more competitive while others less so. Tobacco use often adds 20% to the rate but can be more, depending on the carrier. Plan F is the most expensive (and most popular) followed by D or G (depending on your state), N then Hi F which is the least expensive. You can generally find a site that offers "instant Medigap quotes" but keep in mind the most competitive rates are usually not illustrated online. #GeorgiaMedigapPlanRates #GeorgiaMedicarePlans #GaMedigapQuotes

Does  Medicare  Help  Pay  For  Lift  Chairs?
I believe Medicare can help pay for a lift chair, if there's a medical necessity (for those with severe hip or knee arthritis, or a neuromuscular disease, and cannot get up from a seated position to stand on their own), as a type of durable medical equipment (DME) under your Medicare Part B insurance. Part B would pay 80% of the cost and you would be responsible for the remaining 20%. I'd recommend calling Medicare to get more specific input.

What  Does  Dave  Ramsey  Think  Of  Annuities?
What does Dave Ramsey think of Annuities? Not really sure as I don't follow Dave Ramsey that much. Dave is the current financial "guru" gracing the airwaves. There were many before Dave and there will be many after Dave. While Dave's message about getting out of debt and staying out of debt is a fine one, similar to the one my mom told me many years ago, Dave doesn't always understand financial products that well as honest advice on them might conflict with his message.

What  Happens  If  You  Don't  Plan  For  Retirement?
The same thing that happens when you fail to plan; you fail. Most working people on average will see about $1,000,000 in wages pass through their hands in their working career. Wisdom dictates we take a portion of that money as it comes in and put it aside to cover the times when we are not working. It is possible to not only set money aside but to place it into instruments that provide an interest payment. Money put aside over time receiving even a minimal interest can become a nice nest egg. You will enter into retirement feeling much more secure knowing you have resources in addition to expected Social Security benefits.

How  Much  Term  Life  Insurance  Should  You  Have?
There's no exact figure on how much coverage someone should have and we all have our own needs and cost tolerance. A good way to figure out how much coverage you should have is by totalling up the debts and other expenses you want to have paid off in the event you passed away suddenly (e.g. mortgage, cars, kids college expenses, credit cards, other loans, etc.). Then determine the amount of income needed for your spouse and kids if you died - this is generally around 70% of current income amount - and multiply that by the number of years you want to make sure they're taken care of at that level (e.g. 5 years, 7 years, 10 years, etc.). If you have investment income or other sources of savings, the total amount of coverage needed may vary. This is a good starting point and should help you create an approximated figure of how much coverage you should have in place. The number of years of coverage depends on the need (some may be 15 years, some 20, some 30, etc.). You should consult with an independent life insurance broker who can work with you on a personal level to determine how much coverage you should have to meet your goals and create a suitable structure for your budget. In many cases, you will likely need a larger amount of coverage for the next few years and less coverage down the line. For example, you can structure your coverage to have $1,000,000 of coverage for the next 20 years and have it drop down to $500,000 for years 21-30. If you need coverage for more than 30 years (most do), you should consider supplementing the term insurance coverage with a permanent insurance policy (universal life or whole life). I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your coverage and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

What  Should  I  Look  For  In  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Most advisers begin addressing long term care insurance with the clients around age 50. But the buying public tends to purchase long term care insurance around age 60. A couple of considerations here: You want to buy long term care when your healthy an relatively young to afford the premiums. But even if youre healthy, whats the predisposition of your family regarding assisted living and nursing home confinement? If theres negative health history, then buying long term care earlier may be more prudent.

What  Is  Considered  Accidental  Death  Life  Insurance?
Accidental death and dismemberment life insurance (AD & D) provides your beneficiaries a death benefit amount only if you die in an accident ordismembermentof a limb, loss of eyesight, etc. Every companies definitions have legalnuances, so it's important to know what the policy does before a claim.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Wildfire?
Home insurance covers fires with most carriers and the type of policy you have. Also it matters on how the fire was started lightning that started the forest on fire by your home or if the neighbor child lit fireworks and it caught the field on fire and your hope. Two different examples of fires one the home should be covered by your insurance the other could be paid by the person that started the other fire. I highly recommend you contact your agent and make sure you are properly covered and also make sure you home is clear of debris and brush to make sure that if a fire is heading your direction that you have a clean perimeter around the home. There are things that you can spray on your home that will prevent it from burning if you know a forest fire is on it's wayAlso

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Foundation  Repair?
Your homeowners insurance policy covers damages that are caused by specific perils. While it is possible that damage to a foundation could be caused by fire or another of the covered perils, I doubt that is the point of this question. Most foundation difficulties arise from earth movement and that is an excluded peril in most policies. The issue is damage from a specified peril is what is covered.

What  Does  Point  Of  Service  Mean  In  Health  Insurance?
Point Of Service plans (POS plans) are sort of a blend of HMO and PPO plans. Like an HMO, your plan may require you assign a primary care doctor and have them make referrals if you want/need to see a specialist. The PPO similarity comes from the fact that you mayreceive care from non-network providers but with greater out-of-pocket costs. You may also be responsible for co-payments, coinsurance and an annual deductible. POS plans are useful for those who are willing to coordinate their care through their primary care doctor and the doctor is in-network.

How  Much  Money  Does  An  Auto  Insurance  Agent  Make?
An auto insurance agent can make MILLIONS of dollars if he can sell MILLIONS of policies covering MILLIONS of automobiles..... No, actually, like most insurance products....an agent's income is based on commission sales. The more policy count an agent can sell, the more commission he/she should be able to make. And now you wonder....what commission percentage should an agent make? Well, that depends on the deals you can work out with your companies and/or MGAs. Then, depending on your State laws...you may or may NOT be able to charge additional fees....but that is a completely different questions to be answered.

Is  It  Illegal  To  Not  Have  Renters  Insurance?
Great question! Unlike auto and health insurances, there are no laws requiring you to carry this insurance. That said, if you have stuff that you will keep in a building that someone else owns, (who isn't going to replace it for you should something bad happen to it) That is reason enough to have it. Your belongings are not covered under the apartment complex's policy, and there are many people who learn that the hard way. Please consider getting a policy, they are relatively inexpensive, and can make a huge difference in your life if you ever need it. If you need help, please feel free to contact me, I'm happy to help. Thanks for asking!

How  Much  Is  One  Year  Of  Homeowners  Insurance?
Since homes are not alike the premium charged by an insurance company will be different depending upon the age, location, type of construction, cost of replacement and roof of a home. If you have a history of recent property losses, that could also affect the premium.

When  To  File  A  Claim  On  Homeowners  Insurance?
The best answer to that question is right after the loss occurs. Most policies require that the insured notify the company at the time of loss or within a reasonable time thereafter. The reason for this is that if there is damage to the house structure, for example, it is important to repair that damage, or make arrangements to protect the damaged areaas soon as possible in order to minimize the possiblity of further damage resulting from the lack of attention.

How  Do  Auto  Insurance  Claims  Work?
Typically when you have had an accident or damage to your vehicle and you have the appropriate coverage you would contact your carrier's claims department or your local agent to inform them of the loss. The carrier will typically send out a claims adjuster to gather the information to ensure that all claims are paid in accordance with the policy. This process can typically be as short as hours to days or weeks depending on the details behind the claim. Most carriers attempt to resolve open claims as quickly as possible.

Do  I  Need  Medigap  Coverage?
That is a question only you can answer. Consider this. Medicare has two parts. Part A (hospital) and Part B (outpatient). Medicare only pays about 80% of the cost of your care, you pay the other 20%. Your financial responsibility is unlimited. If you are comfortable with paying large deductibles for hospital admission and 20% of outpatient charges you may not need a Medigap plan. The per admission Medicare Part A deductible is $1184. The Part B annual deductible is $147 followed by 80% coinsurance. (Medicare pays 80%, you pay the balance). #GeorgiaMedigapPlanRates #GeorgiaMedicarePlans #GaMedigapQuotes

How  Long  Can  You  Have  Term  Life  Insurance?
Most term policies cannot be purchased to last past age 80 at a level premium. If the term with the guaranteed level premium is past, and you are in the annually renewable part of the policy, that may allow the policy to last to age 90, but the premium will be extremely high.

How  Much  Personal  Property  Coverage  For  Renters  Insurance?
--> Normal 0 How much Renters Insurance should you buy? Ideally enough to replace all the stuff you have that makes up your life. Clothes, furniture, dishes, jewelry, food, books, recreational toys, etc. Your list will be unique to you. How much insurance you purchase is important but so isnt the type of coverage you purchase and the insurer you purchase the policy from. Basic renters policies will reimburse you for the Actual Cash Value of your damaged property. That means the value of used clothing, used furniture, an old computer. You, on the other hand, will most likely need to replace your damaged property with new items. The difference between new and old is often significant. Make sure whatever limit you buy includes Replacement Cost coverage. Under this type of coverage, you are entitled to claim the value of a new item should you actually replace it with one of similar kind and quality. Of course, the most the insurer will pay will be the limit you select. If you can afford it, that limit should be at least what you would have to spend to replace all those items you could not get along without. Most renters policies provide property coverage on a Named Peril basis. In other words, the policy will state the specific type of damage your property will be covered for. To be covered you have to prove to the insurer one of the covered perils caused the damage, a process not everyone is comfortable with. It is good to have someone on your side when this occurs. Often you cant find that person that sold you your coverage on the phone or over the Internet when you have a claim. Its nice to have a local person to seek assistance from. Watch out for limitations on specific types of property. Youll most likely find one for the theft of jewelry or silver, and jewelry often includes costume jewelry. Some of these limitations can be increased for a nominal premium or your can specifically insure unusual or expensive items. Personal liability coverage will also be provided. That limit should be not less than $100,000 and consistent with limits you might carry on your car insurance.

Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Food  Loss?
Your homeowner's policy would cover your "food" the same way it would cover your couch or TV. The problem is if you have a standard homeowner's policy, only damage caused by specific named perils; Fire, Theft, Wind, etc. would be covered. Coverage on your personal property, furniture, clothing, dishes and yes food, should be the same as the coverage on your home. "Any direct damage" should be covered. Now all policies will have deductibles and specific limitations or exclusions butit will make it a lot easier to understand what you are or are not covered for. If your insurer doesn't offer this "Special Coverage" on personal property or charges you a significant premium for it, you may want to consider another insurer.

What  To  Look  For  When  Shopping  For  Renters  Insurance?
The most important thing when buying insurance is to select the appropriate limits. Getting competent advice is critical. Check with your colleagues, friends, and neighbors. Select an agent who you can trust. When you start working with them make sure that they are accurately transmitting all the required information to the insurance company. When the policy comes make sure that it is exactly what you wanted. Price becomes an irrelevant issue if your suffer a loss and the policy does not adequately cover you.

Is  Short  Term  Disability  Covered  Under  Cobra?
COBRA regulates traditional health insurance plans. Traditional plans make benefit payment directly to providers in exchange for treating medical conditions. COBRA allows employees to continue group coverage after leaving an employer. Short term disability is not covered under COBRA. However, many policy types are portable. That means you can continue coverage by direct debit to a checking account. Check with your insurance carrier and ask if you can convert to direct payment.

Does  Medicare  Pay  For  Weight  Loss  Programs?
Medicare will pay for weight loss programs under certain conditions. Some things to know are: Medicare will pay for weight loss programs only if weight loss is needed to treat certain health conditions related to being overweight, or is needed before surgery to reduce the risk of complications. Up to three hours of individual counseling about weight loss is provided the first year, and two hours per year after that. If you need more treatment than that, Medicare may pay for more with a doctor's prescription and if the treatment is medially approved by Medicare.

What  To  Consider  When  Getting  Renters  Insurance?
Consider meeting with your Insurance Professional to discuss your needs and what may be offered as solutions to best meet those needs. There are two basic elements to a Renters Insurance policy. The first provides coverage for your personal belongings...your "stuff". Clothing, furniture, area rugs, books, electronic equipment, kitchen ware and the like. Be sure you have enough coverage to fully replace everything if it was all lost in a covered peril, such as a fire. Along with this, choose a deductible that best suits your financial circumstances. The second element is Liability protection. Liability coverage protects you and your financial exposure from action taken against you should you be legally responsible for injury to another person or damage to their property. You will want to make sure you have enough coverage to reasonably protect your financial exposure which includes your income, savings, investments etc.

Why  Roll  Over  401K  To  Roth  IRA?
That is a great question. Rolling over a traditional tax qualified 401K account to a Roth IRA would generate taxes and penalties so the benefit would certainly not be the tax savings, now would it? A 401K converion transfer is called a Roth Conversion. There is a conversion option that might work and we call it a "backdoor Roth IRA" and it might provide some advantages but will require several steps and tax computations and may not be appropriate for you based on the information provided. Your best answer would be to consult with a local agency to learn more about how this conversion tactics might benefit you in a Roth IRA.

Will  Life  Insurance  Pay  If  Drug  Overdose?
Life insurance pays for death by any reason except suicide in the first two years and some obscure other causes (e.g. death caused while committing a crime or perhaps an exclusion for death caused while flying as a pilot). So if the drug overdose was suicide and it occurred during the first two years of the policy, the life insurance policy will not pay. For all other situations. the life insurance policy should pay as long the application was filled out honestly.

How  Much  Will  Car  Insurance  Be  For  A  16  Year  Old?
That is a question best asked of a local agent. Rates will vary from on geographic location to another. Many other factors can also affect your rates. Some of the factors are the vehicle(s) to be covered, the motor vehicle records of the person(s) to be covered on the policy and various other factors. Contact a local agent to get a quote for coverage.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Legal  Fees?
The cost of defense is included in the liability coverage on most renters policy. The wording is interesting because the coverage lasts until the limit is exhausted. The point is simple, lawsuits are expensive. When setting limits for a renters policy accept the highest liability limits available.

Is  Medicare  Income  Based?
The amount a qualified individual pays for Medicare is income based. Part A is most frequently a premium free benefit. Most applicants pay the same rate regardless of income. Part B premiums are scaled based upon annual income, starting at $149 per month. Part D (prescription drugs) requires earners with higher incomes to pay a higher fee which goes directly to the general Medicare fund.

Can  I  Drive  A  Van  On  My  Car  Insurance?
If you are renting a van your auto policy will cover you. The limits from your auto policy will apply to the rented van that you are driving. There may be some administrative advantages to purchasing the insurance the rental company provides but in the long run, there should be little difference in coverage.

Why  Should  I  Have  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
You should have long term care insurance if you have a large enough estate that you would hate for all of it to pay long term care costs, but not so large that you could easily pay all your long term care costs yourself. Also, if you are in the first group, it is nice to have long term care insurance so that you can choose your own nursing home or other form of covered care, rather than having to go with what Medicaid is approved to cover.

Will  Renters  Insurance  Cover  A  Storage  Unit?
If the personal property stored in a storage unit is an emergency removal from the insured residence, it is fully covered for thirty days. If it is merely storage of excess items the coverage is limited to ten percent of the personal property limit stated in the policy.

How  To  Cancel  Progressive  Renters  Insurance?
Any time you request a cancellation for insurance it's best to put it in writing. You can write a letter and fax or e-mail it directly to Progressive. I would also recommend following up a day later to make sure they received the document. If you've moved make sure you include your new address if you are owed a refund.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  A  Fire?
Renters Insurance will cover your personal property up to the limits of your policy. For example if you have $50,000 in personal property coverage in the policy and all your clothes and furniture were destroyed in the fire then you would be able to claim that as a loss. Renters Insurance only covers your personal property and does not cover the structure. It will also cover for losses for theft. Lets say you had your lap top from home in your car and someone broke in your car and stole the computer then you could file that as a claim on your renters insurance policy. Some renters insurance also covers for Loss of Use and Personal Property off premises. This may not be available from ever insurance carrier.

Where  To  Invest  If  Not  Eligible  For  Roth  IRA?
The Roth IRA provides an ideal solution to many peoples retirement planning needs. Contributions are made with after tax dollars but taxation on the earnings is deferred and then forgiven upon reaching the age of 50 and a half. The plan must have been in effect for five years. These tax free dollars give the retiree tremendous leverage and flexibility. The Roth IRA is an essential part of many peoples plans. There are income restrictions that disqualify individuals and married couples filing jointly from establishing a retirement program using a Roth IRA. There is a phased out eligibility for Singles or heads of households earning between $60-70,000 annually or married couples filing jointly of $96,000-116,000. and there are other restrictions. If a person is facing these restrictions and cannot contribute to a Roth IRA there are several steps that can be taken. The first is to contact the plan administrator at their place of employment. It is a fairly simple matter to add a Roth option to existing 401(k) and 403(b) plans. These Roth 401(k) and 403(b) plans have all the benefit of a Roth IRA and the limits for participation are much higher making them ideal, particularly for highly compensated employees. The key is to determine if the persons future income tax rate will exceed the rate that is currently being charged. Many are surprised to find that when they stop paying on a mortgage and other deductible expenses that their income in retirement can be in a higher tax bracket than their current bracket. If there is not an option for a Roth 401(k) or 403(b) plan an alternative would be permanent life insurance. It is taxed in a similar way to the Roth IRA. The deposits are made with after tax dollars and the distribution can be free of income tax with some careful planning. The life insurance has the additional benefit of being self-completing should death interrupt the accumulation phase. Permanent life insurance comes in several styles which will match the investment options normally available to those who are interested in a Roth IRA. For the more conservative there is the totally guaranteed funding available in whole life insurance. The insurance company assumes all of the risk and steady growth is guaranteed. For the more adventuresome there are life policies in which the cash value is invested in a separate fund. This is normally administered by the insurance company but may have a better yield that the funds held in the companys general fund. There is another form where the detached cash value earns interest based upon one of several popular market indexes. These indexed universal life policies allow you to experience some of the gains of the market while often limiting the downside of the market. For those who want to experience the fluctuations and opportunities of the market there are variable life policies where the cash value is fully invested at the discretion of the policyholder. These policies have greater risk and potential rewards.

How  To  By  Life  Insurance?
Some steps to buying life insurance are: 1) Find the agency you want to use. Peruse the internet or Yellow Pages, or get referrals from others. Find an agency that carriers lots of choices, and offers service and companies that you can trust. 2) Figure out what type of policy best suits your needs. Your agent can help with that. 3) Fill out an application and submit it. 4) If you are purchasing No Exam insurance, that is all that needs to be done. If you are applying for a medically underwritten policy, you will then need to take a free insurance exam in your home or place of your choice. 5) Wait for approval. Hopefully, you will be working with an agency that lets you know if you can help in other ways (e.g. call your doctor's office to ask them to provide your medical records more quickly, clarify something on your application, etc). That extra bit of customer service can be the difference between approval and decline. 6) Pay for your policy and treasure it for years to come.

Can  The  Government  Force  Us  To  Buy  Health  Insurance?
Great question! As an answer I'd say that I think every child at some point say's to their parent, "I don't want to, and you can't make me!". The end result is that while no one can make you do anything as a child, or as an adult, they can make it increasingly painful for you until you do as they asked. That is the case with health insurance. The Government can't make you buy it, but they can and will start penalizing you in increasing amounts until you do. There is a good reason for buying it, and another is this: Doctors are required to treat everyone, insurance or not. As a result, everyone that does not have insurance gets some form of treatment, and the rest of us get the bill, in the form of higher prices we pay when we need help. By having some of these people take responsibility for their own costs, in theory, it lowers costs for the rest of us. And if you have coverage available in your workplace, you can always enroll in it, and not the public marketplaces, though I would advise you to compare prices and coverages first. As to whether the politics of the health insurance law is right or wrong, that is a matter of personal opinion, and I'll leave it at that. If I can help in any way, please contact me. Thanks for asking!

Why  Is  Health  Insurance  So  Expensive  In  Oklahoma?
I feel your pain. Health Insurance is just expensive, there are many factors that go into the premium ratings (age, weight, current health, smoker, non smoker just to name a few). However there are ways of getting your premium down depending on what type of plan you choose (HMO/PPO, deductibles, riders, etc).

What  Do  You  Need  To  Know  About  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
The most important item in long term care insurance products is the contractual definitions of its benefits. The policy language of dictates when and how assisted living care and nursing home benefits work during a claim. Second, is the financial strength of the carrier issuing the contract. Everything else is just premium pricing.

What  Is  The  Free  Look  Period  On  Annuities?
It is a stated period of time after the policy has been issued during which the owner of the annuity can cancel the annuity. The owner will receive the sum of premiums paid. This period is brief but designed to make sure that the annuity is exactly what the owner wanted.

How  Much  Renters  Insurance  Coverage  Should  I  Get?
That depends, what is the replacement value of your personal property? The amount of coverage that you get should be enough to cover the replacement cost of all of your personal property. Contact a local agent to discuss your coverage needs, they are best equiped to help you decide what coverage is right for you.

What  Is  Farmers  New  World  Life  Insurance?
Farmers New World life insurance company (commonly seen as Farmers Insurance) is one of the thousands of insurance companies in the insurance marketplace. When you're looking at purchasing life insurance, it's important to look at multiple carriers because they all feature different rates, some will feature better rates for certain types of products than others, offer volume discounts (e.g. rate discount at certain increments of coverage such as $250,000, $500,000, $1,000,000, etc.), and respond differently to medical histories and conditions. In short, the carrier that will work best for you program may be different than the carrier that will work best for someone else because we each have our own needs and budgets. Doing the research on your own can be extremely time consuming and you may not always find the information you're looking for. Independent life insurance brokers have an extensive knowledge of the subject matter and know the differences between products that are available in the marketplace. Consulting with an experienced broker is always a great first step when looking for coverage. We will help you determine what an appropriate benefit structure is for your needs and budget, and help you through the process of securing the coverage from start to finish and beyond. Please feel free to contact me for further assistance. Thanks very much.

What  Does  Disability  Income  Insurance  Cover?
Disability Income Insurance covers disability that causes the insured person to be unable to work, and provides a cash benefit to replace a portion of the income that is lost. What it covers depends on the features of the policy. If the policy has an "own occupation" feature, the benefit will be paid as long as the employee cannot do the same type of work as he/she had before the disabling injury or illness. If the policy included residual benefits, it will pay a portion of the benefit even if the insured is able to go back to work in a partial capacity. There are many options when selecting your Disability Insurance policy. Be sure to speak to someone who knows those and can help you select the ones that will provide coverage for you when you want it.

Where  Is  The  Best  Place  To  Get  Life  Insurance?
I recommend sitting down with an independent life insurance agent. A good agent will examine your current situation and recommend a plan that meets your goals and budget. He will be able to find the plan or combination of plans with good solid companies. A local experience agent will also be able to provide you with the service you may need as time goes on.

Does  My  Renters  Insurance  Cover  My  Engagement  Ring?
An engagement ring would be considered personal property and be covered to the limits of the policy. However, the company will generally have a fixed limit for loss involving jewelry. You may find that your ability to recover from a lost engagement ring would be seriously reduced by the deductible on the policy. If you are concerned about replacing an engagement ring, most companies provide a floater policy that will cover that exact ring anywhere in the world 365 days a year and often provides the coverage without a deductible.

What  Is  An  Elimination  Period  In  Disability  Insurance?
The elimination period on disability insurance is the specified period from which the disability is medically diagnosed and the insured is eligible to start receiving benefits. The longer the elimination period the lower the premiums. On short term disability insurance plans elimination periods can be as little as days or weeks. On long term disability plans can vary from 30-45-60-90-180-360 days. Most good disability plans do go back to day one and pay the entire period once the elimination period has been met in a lump sum.

How  To  Choose  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Work with a good independent agent that can show you what the current cost of care is in your area. For example, I would put together figures that would show you what the average cost of home healthcare, assisted living and a nursing home would run. I would then take those numbers into account when preparing a long term care insurance benefits package. Since you will not need the care for several years you need to have a plan that factors in future inflation.

Does  Nationwide  Have  Life  Insurance?
Nationwide does offer life insurance, however, they're known primarily for their property and casualty insurance. A common question we see from persons with their auto insurance, home insurance, etc. from a propertly and casualty insurance company who are looking for life insurance is "do I get any discounts for having my life insurance through them as well?" - the answer is NO. Carriers cannot discount their life insurance rates under the guise of a multi-policy discount like they may with auto insurance and home insurance. Life insurance is a different marketplace from property and casualty insurance. If you're looking for life insurance coverage, you should consult with an experienced independent life insurance broker who can shop the case for you among a large number of places to determine which carrier will be able to offer you the lowest rates for the desired coverage. Please note, the most important factor when looking for life insurance is the RISK CLASSIFICATION that you qualify for - the risk classification determines the premiums for the program. Without knowing the details of your medical history, any quotes any agent provides are pretty much just guestimates and are for the most part, meaningless. Each carrier has different underwriting so you may be looking at preferred with one carrier, and standard with another - the result being one carrier offering the coverage at a lower price than others. At the same time, you don't want to apply to multiple companies at the same time as this works against you - it's basically a sort of red flag to insurance companies. You want to try to get it right the first time which is where a broker comes in handy because they can shop it for you with the medical history and get you in the right direction - brokers also don't charge fees for their services so it can only help you. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help with your coverage and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Tornado  Damage?
Homeowners will cover tornado under the wind provision of a policy. Now depending on where you live this is an automatic coverage. Other areas highly prone to tornado have an option for you to exclude wind or pay an extra premium for wind protection. Consult you local agent for the type of policy you carry.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Water  Main  Leak?
The actual pipes (Plumbing) from leaking or bursting is excluded on a homeowners policy. However the damage the burst caused the dwelling could be covered. In the case of a leak coverage would be more difficult to determine if the leak has been occurring over a long period of time. A water main is usually away from the house so the chances of damage to the dwelling are low. The big question to ask is "Was there any damage to the dwelling"?. If there is no damage to the dwelling you can immediately figure out there is no claim to be made. Leaks in general are just part of common maintenance of a homeowner. Always contact to agent to discuss the details of your particular situation to help determine if there is coverage for a water main leak.

Is  Home  Insurance  Same  As  Hazard  Insurance?
Mortgage companies and banks sometimes refer to Homeowners' Insurance as "Hazard" insurance. Homeowners' Insurance provides coverage in the event there is a loss caused by a "hazard" and thus the reference. Homeowners' policies can covere a wide range of these hazards or perils, or can specifically limit the coverage in some cases.

Can  You  Get  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  If  You  Smoke?
You can get long term care insurance if you smoke. Although it may increase premiums, you should not be denied coverage just because of nicotine use. Each carrier treats smoking differently, so finding the company that charges the least price for nicotine is important (along with comparing benefits). Reputable studies continue to show that smoking will lead (on average) to a higher risk of specific medical conditions. An experienced full-time broker can easily review the top-rated companies with you, find the lowest prices, and help you apply for coverage...whether you are a smoker or nonsmoker.

How  Much  Life  Insurance  Can  I  Get?
How much life insurance for income replacement purposes you can get is primarily a function of your income if considering a purchase during your working years. Each insurance company has its own maximum limit of the amount they will issue you considering all of the life insurance you have on your life but a good rule of thumb for insureds under age 45 is up to 25 times earned income. The multiple is less at older ages and in retirement years, net worth becomes a key factor.

Will  Bad  Credit  Affect  Car  Insurance?
Many auto and property insurance companies have been using credit along with driving history etc as part of their underwriting evaluation process for quite a number of years. In a word, yes, your credit history does have an impact on the pricing that is offered to you for car insurance as will as property insurance.

Is  Health  Insurance  Based  On  Income?
Under the Affordable Care Act... although the plans have not been released yet... it appears that there may be different "Silver" tier plans available based on income. The lower your income, the lower the copays, etc. However, I would also add that Subsidies (to help pay your premiums) are based on your income.

How  To  Get  The  Best  Renters  Insurance  Policy?
Getting the best Renters Insurance policy is a bit subjective however be sure you understand the different types of Renters Insurance you have available. You typically have a current value and replacement value which cost different. For example, you file a claim on your TV. If you purchased your TV several years ago it is most likely not worth very much (current value) versus you having to go out and get a new one (replacement value). Outside of this, look at the company you are purchasing the Renters Insurance from. Make sure they are reputable and pay their claims.

Does  Obamacare  Have  Any  Effects  On  Life  Insurance?
Obamacarewill not effect life insurance, which is sold in the free market andunencumberedby federal intervention. Interestingly, the US Department of Health and Human Services may allow the sale of life and disability insurance at the state exchanges. Thefederaldeficiton the other hand could force the hand of the government to seek new forms of revenue by removing the tax deferred, inside build up of cash values in life insurance and annuities.

Does  An  HIV  Test  Affect  Life  Insurance?
The test has no baring on Life Insurance. Testing positive for HIV after a Life Insurance policy is in force has no affect on the policy. Once the policy is issued the company can not change it because your heath has changed. Testing positive before applying for coverage will be a decline with most companies but not all. Testing positive during an Insurance exam will be a decline or at best postponed till you are rechecked by your own doctor. Being HIV positive will result in higher premiums and restrictions on the amount of coverage. However, you can get coverage. It is very important that you are completely honest with your agent before any formal application is submitted. An experienced agent will do an underwriting pre qualification with a company prior to submitting the application.

Does  Aflac  Offer  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
No, Aflac does not offer a traditional Long Term Care Life Insurance product at this time. Aflac does carry a Critical Care and Recovery Insurance policy that would pay a cash benefit to the insured person if they were diagnosed with some serious, life impacting illnesses or health conditions as specified by the policy.

How  Does  It  Work  When  You  Have  Two  Health  Insurance  Policies?
Usually the two policy's would coordinate benefits, meaning they both would pay a percentage. You cannot get more than the actual charges. It really doesn't make since to carry two policies. There are some policies designed to pay in addition to health insurance but these are not true Major Medical, they are called indemnity plans. They help pay the expenses not covered by your health insurance such as deductibles, copay's, and loss of time from work.

What  Is  Supplemental  Term  Life  Insurance?
Supplemental Term Life Insurance is coverage offered by an employer to employees and/or spouses, whereby they can add onto the coverage provided by the employer in their group plan. They are able to purchase the supplemental term life insurance coverage at group rates, but most likely will not be able to take their term policy with them at that price if they leave that place of business.

Can  I  Drive  My  Friend's  Car  Without  Insurance?
That really depends on your friend. In many states you would be driving illegally if you do not have insurance coverage. Does your friend want to put his/her rates at risk if you are involved in an accident. If you do not have insurance coverage your friends insurance would end up paying on covered claims possibly causing there rates to increase or cause their insurance to be dropped. Be a good friend and don't drive without insurance.

When  Can  You  Add  A  Spouse  To  Health  Insurance?
If you have an individual health insurance plan, you can add a spouse any time you wish. Of course, individual companies may require an application to be submitted 15 days (for example) prior to the requested effective date. You must also allow time for the carrier to underwrite the application.

Can  Car  Insurance  Pay  For  Dents?
It may. If you have other than collision (comprehensive) coverage on your current auto policy, you may be provided coverage to repair dents in the vehicle. Any claims paid may be subject to a policy deductible. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Can  I  Cash  Out  My  Fixed  Annuity?
Annuities are long term contracts designed to accumulate and then disburse money in retirement. Most annuities can be surrendered. Many contain a surrender charge that decreases every year until it disappears. Surrender of the annuity might create a taxable event. Of course the right to surrender the annuity should be written as a part of the contract so please consult the contract.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Windows?
It may, many renters insurance policies provide coverage if windows were damaged by a covered incident less the policy deductible. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

How  Much  Is  Car  Insurance  For  A  Bugatti?
There are many factors to determine rates, from your age your credit, the year make and model of the car. Also the risk area you are in along with what state. Your driving record also would make a difference along with they liability limits and deductibles.To get an accurateanswer this information would be needed

How  Much  Is  Medicare  Per  Month?
The regular Medicare Part B premium in 2013 is $105 per month and that is what most Medicare beneficiaries will pay. Wealthy seniors (as defined by Congress) will pay a surcharge (higher premium). If you are single and your income exceeds $85,000 ($170,000 for married filing jointly) you Part B premium in 2013 will range from $147 to $386 per month.

When  You  Can  Get  Medicare?
You can get Medicare at age 65. If you have paid into Social Social Security taxes for at least 40 quarters (10 years), your Medicare Part A will not have a monthly premium. If you miss the sign up date, there are times when you can sign up for Medicare past age 65. Persons under 65 can get Medicare if they have been on Social Security Disability for two years, have end stage renal disease, or have Lou Gehrig's disease.

Why  Do  You  Need  Renters  Insurance?
You need to buy a renters policy if you could have a loss that is greater than your ability to pay. That is, if someone is hurt in your rental property and sues you, can you pay the loss? If the property burns and your personal property is destroyed, can you sustain the loss? In neither of these instances is your landlord responsible.

Does  Car  Insurance  Cover  Hail?
Hail is typically covered under the comprehensive portion of your car insurance. Often, there is little or no deductible. The cost of repair is extremely expensive (often thousands of dollars), so whenever possible, keep your vehicle indoors when hail is forecast. You can also view the comprehensive deductible you have on your declarations page.

Why  Do  Republicans  Hate  Medicare?
I do not believe that Republicans (or Democrats) hate Medicare. Both parties (I hope) want to save Medicare so that it will be available for many many more years. Unless certain changes are made, Medicare, as we know it now, is at risk. It is true that both parties differ in how we will solve this problem, but as an experienced impartial broker with more than 30 years of experience, I do not believe that Republicans hate Medicare.

Can  You  Put  Your  Boyfriend  On  Your  Health  Insurance?
That is a great question! The answer will depend on a couple of things. The first is whether or not your State recognizes domestic partners as a relationship status. In most cases, those States will require employers to offer the same plans offered to spouses to the domestic partner. The second is whether you meet whatever the standard is to be a domestic partner. There will be qualifications on time spent together, shared expenses and incomes, things like that. Your Boyfriend cannot still be married, that's a deal breaker in every case. Check with your employers HR person, or plan administrator, and find out exactly what they offer. Thank you for asking!

What  Is  A  Good  Price  For  Whole  Life  Insurance?
In addition to the concerns about underwriting there are specific things that have a profound impact on the premium for a whole life policy. One factor is the age and sex of the person being insured. One of the reasons that this is so significant is that cash will be accumulating in the policy and that cash earns interestcompound interest so the effect is very important. So the younger the insured, the longer money will accumulate at interest so it takes less money to fund the contract.

What  Is  Critical  Illness  Insurance  And  Why  Might  Someone  Need  It?
Critical Illness Insurance pays a lump sum to a person who is diagnosed with a serious health condition such as cancer, stroke, or other life threatening illnesses. When faced with that type of diagnosis, there may be a loss of income. At the same time, bills are incurred for health care, child care, travel, and other costs associated with becoming ill. The lump sum of cash provided by critical illness insurance can alleviate the trauma somewhat.

When  Does  Renters  Insurance  Take  Effect?
Renters Insurance would take effect in the event of a loss to your personal property as well as peronal liability. If someone broke into your home your renters insurance would cover the stolen items, if the building were to burn down renters insurance would cover your personal property, also if you were to have your car broken into and items stolen those items would be covered under your renters insurance.

What  Is  The  Role  Of  The  Investment  Advisor  In  A  Mutual  Fund?
That is a great question! The role of the adviser is supposed to be as a guide to helping you select the best funds for your desired goals in your portfolio. They are to work with you in selecting funds that are a fit for your goals in risk allowance, growth potential, and fee structures. They are supposed to be experts in identifying well performing funds, trends, and emerging investments. Many of them are very good, and have clients that are well prepared for retirement. There are many of them that are paid by their brokerage house for the specific funds they want sold, and for the commissions and profits earned for the brokerage. Their focus may not then be so much on your needs as it is theirs, and that's been the industry rub. The high fees hidden in the fund structure has led to an increasing number of investors switching to indexed funds (like Vanguard) or moving away from the brokerage houses and purchasing their leading stock investments themselves, and eliminating the fees and middlemen. Nobody likes to see that the person who is supposed to be making you money is making more off you than you are making. If you choose to invest in a mutual fund that has an adviser, please be sure to meet with them face to face. Interview them before investing. Ask about how they are paid, what the fees are for the fund, and real life performance on the fund, not projections. Ask how often the stocks within the portfolio are exchanged (anything close to 100% is risky for you - they make money for the brokerage on the exchanges,increasing fundholders' expense). Shop for your mutual fund very wisely, before investing a penny. For all the touted returns, according to a recent DALBAR report, the average equities investor has only realized a 4.4% return (for a 20 year study concluded in 2007), under-performing the S&P by more than 7%, and after inflation, returning only 1.44%. Do your homework, and look carefully before investing, okay? Please do as we do - if the interview leaves you with more questions than answers, if you had a bad feeling about it, or if you felt that the adviser was elusive in their answers, thank them for their time, and move on. Again,like in any business, some are good, some not so much; but it's your future and your money, not theirs, so treat it accordingly. Please feel free to contact me if you have any specific questions, okay? Thank you for asking!

Why  Is  Renters  Insurance  Important?
You may think that, because you don't own a home, you don't have anything at risk. Nothing could be further from the truth. The only difference between a homeowner and a renter is that a renter doesn't own a building. You still have personal property(your stuff) and you still have a liability exposure. A renters policy is just a homeowners policy without the building coverage. It will cover your stuff if it's stolen or damaged in a fire, just like a homeowners policy will. If someone gets hurt in your home, it will cover you just like a homeowners policy will. Now, be smart insure yourself properly. You'd be surprised how much it would cost to replace all your stuff. A good agent will help you choose the right limit. You can even estimate it yourself. Allstate has a great tool on their website to help you estimate what your stuff would cost to replace(no, I'm not an Allstate agent, I just like their tool). Notice I said "replace". This is an important distinction. if your stuff is damaged, it can be replaced with new, not depreciated. Be sure to ask for replacement cost coverage on your personal property. Next, pick the right liability limit. Be sure it's high enough to protect all your assets. Don't skimp here. Liability coverage pays if you are deemed negligent and these lawsuits are seldom small and higher limits are extremely inexpensive. Be smart and find an agent you can trust. If it costs a little more, pay it. Choose your agent first, then listen to him/her. In the long run, you'll save money.

Why  Plan  For  Retirement  Early?
Planning for an early retirement needs to incorporate the high probability of living into your nineties based on present life expectancy trends. That being being said, the traditional retirement age is 65. Maximum Social Security and qualified plan required minimum distributions are at age 70 1/2. Even with this understanding, you should start paying yourself today. Procrastination can be have a negative impact later in life.

Is  Water  Damage  Covered  Under  Homeowners  Insurance?
Homeowners Insurance usually covers water damage except as excluded on a policy! Water Damage due to Flood Waters from outside are not covered and also the Backup of Sewers/Drains may be limited or excluded on a home insurance policy unless endorsed otherwise. If water damage is caused as a result of a leaking roof or broken interior plumbing, the damage would usually be covered. Please note: plumbing is not covered by the home insurance policy since plumbing is expected to be maintained in good condition at all times by the homeowner. A home warranty policy may be separately purchased by the homeowner for maintenance repairs including plumbing. For further details on coverage, please consult your policy booklet and/or contact a licensed representative to assist reading the policy to answer your question in detail.

Where  To  Report  Group  Term  Life  Insurance  On  1040?
If you are filing a 1040 tax form as an employee you do not have to add it to your taxes. On group life insurance that the employer is paying on your behalf is tax free on premiums of the first 50,000 face amount. Any excess premiums paid by your employer is included in your income on your W2. If your employer uses a 125 plan or cafeteria plan as they are commonly known, you are probably avoiding taxation through it as well. Again you need not do anything on your form 1040. If youare the owner or employer of the company yourgroup life insurance premiums are not tax deductible just youremployees.It willnotbeaddedto your 1040 nor can it be deducted on your schedule C either.

Who  Offers  The  Best  Term  Life  Insurance?
You can get good Term life insurance from many companies. The things to watch out for is to make sure the premium is guaranteed not to go up for the entire term, that it pays 100% from day one for death by any reason (except suicide in the first two years), that it has the possibility to be converted in the future, and that the company is highly rated.

How  Can  I  Get  Auto  Insurance  Online  In  Ohio?
one word of caution here: be careful where you get an auto insurance quote from when shopping online. Many of the websites that offer auto insurance quotes actually don't sell auto insurance at all! These sites are known as lead generation sites. They simply collect your info and then sell it to insurance agents. In some cases, dozens of agents. Your phone will ring off the hook! Easiest way to tell the difference between a lead generation site and an insurance agent is that an agent will always have his/her name on the website, along with an address and phone number.

How  Much  Tax  Do  You  Pay  On  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
There is really only a couple of situations when life insurance is taxable. If the death benefits go to a proper beneficiary such as a person, organization or business, they will be tax free. If the cash value is "borrowed" from a cash value life insurance policy, it too is tax free. The first taxable situation on death proceeds is if the beneficiary is the estate, this can trigger taxation. Be sure this is not the case. The second taxable situation is with the cash value of a policy that is allowed to lapse or surrendered, which is life insurance speak for cancelled. In these cases the excess gains would be subject to ordinary income taxes. I highly recommend talking over options with your agent, advisor or insurance carrier before making a costly decision.

Does  Bank  Of  America  Have  Life  Insurance?
Bank of America is a bank, not a life insurance company. However Bank of America may act as agents working with different life insurance companies to offer you life insurance. If you work with a Bank of America agent they should disclose what company or companies they are quoting. Personally I think you are better off working with a professional in the field. Particularly an agent who is an independent who can work with multiple companies and is not beholden to any.

What  Is  The  Time  Limit  For  Filing  An  Auto  Insurance  Claim?
You are required to notify your insurance company of a claim in a timely manner. It is a good rule of thumb to pick up the phone sometime the same day of the incident, if possible, and notify your agent. Most companies have a dedicated claims "hotline" that you can call. Often it is printed on your insurance ID card which you should have in your glove box in the car. If you have an accident, first be sure to check the condition of everyone in your car as well as the other then contact the police and, if necessary, Emergency Medical Services. If you have a camera or a phone with that capability, photograph the scene. Be sure not to sign any written statements at the accident scene. The investigating police officer will often prepare a preliminary reportand provide you with a copy. The formal report will be available to you and your insurance adjuster usually within a few days. Finally, if your car is going to be towed remember to remove all of your personal belongings.

What  Does  Medicare  Cover  For  Home  Health  Care?
If prescribed as reasonably and medically necessary, Medicare covers home health care in the following ways: 1. Skilled nursing care 2. Physical therapy, occupational therapy, and speech-language pathology services 3. Medical social services 4. Medical supplies It will not cover 24 hour per day care or homemaker or personal care services, if those services are the only care needed and not necessary for one's plan of care.

Who  Should  Get  Variable  Annuities?
Product suitability is based on the clients personal profile, risk tolerance and economic goals. A variable annuity insurance product is a security and as such has the potential to lose money in the actual cash value account. Variable annuities are generally considered long term hold positions purchase ultimately for income. Non-qualified variable annuities accumulate tax deferred with distributions taxed on gain and basis free.

When  Should  Someone  Purchase  Life  Insurance?
The time to purchase life insurance is when there is a need for it, and when you can qualify for it. For most people, this begins when they are young adults, getting married, starting families, paying off school loans, buying houses, starting businesses. Of course, any time there is a need for life insurance is a good time to get it.

How  Much  Do  Life  Insurance  Agents  Make  In  California?
Life insurance agents in California make a wide range of salaries. Very successful agents make over $100,000 per year. But many agents start out in the business only to be change careers within a couple of years, because they cannot make enough to pay for the high cost of living in parts of California.

Does  Insurance  Cover  Allergy  Problems?
This is a great question. Yes normally major medical insurance will cover check ups for allergy issues. You may want to double check with your insurance company to be completely sure or take a look in your summary of benefits booklet. I hope this helps. Have a great day!

Does  Diabetes  Affect  Life  Insurance?
Diabetes does affect life insurance rates, but how much diabetes affects life insurance depends on the level of diabetic control. More than whether you are type 1 or type 2, whether you use oral med or use insulin, whether you were diagnosed at age 10 or diagnosed at age 50, your A1C number matters. If it is over 10, the amount of life insurance you can get will be limited and the price will be very high. If under 8, a person with diabetes can get affordable rates, even though higher than someone who has no health issues whatsoever.

Does  GINA  Apply  To  Life  Insurance?
GINA only covers Health Insurance, not Life Insurance. So if you have undergone genetic testing and it is in your Medical Records, then the Life Insurance Company is legally able to take that into consideration when underwriting your policy. However, Life Insurance Companies each treat a certain conditions differently. So one company might not think something is a big deal while another might.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  If  I  Have  Grave's  Disease?
Yes, you can get life insurance if you have Grave's Disease. If your Grave's Disease is in remission, or has caused hyperthyroidism that is is well controlled by medication, Grave's Disease will not make much impact on the rates. If combined with other health conditions, or if you have some complications from Grave's Disease, you might be rated up or even declined for some policies. However, there are simplified issue policies that will take most cases of Grave's Disease at an affordable price.

When  Should  You  Get  Life  Insurance?
The best answer to this question is when you are young and healthy. The younger you are, the lower your premium will be.If you are in very good shape and a non smoker, you may qualify for more preferred rates so be sure to talk to your insurance professional about your best options.

How  Exactly  Does  A  Life  Insurance  Trust  Work?
Assuming you are addressing irrevocable life insurance trusts (ILIT), the chronology of events and ownership are very important. The grantor cannot have any incident of ownership. The ILIT must be the owner and the date of the ILIT must precede the policy date. The ILIT will name the beneficiaries of the trust and premium paid by the ITLIT grantor must conform to annual gift tax or unified credit rules to avoid taxation of premiums. Consult your legal adviser before moving forward with any creation of ILIT.

Is  Retirement  Plan  Income  Taxable?
Is income from retirement plans taxable? In most all cases the answer is yes. You either pay taxes going in or coming out. Most retirement plans are qualified plans where your contributions going in are tax free. From there they grow tax deferred and upon distribution are subject to income taxes based on the bracket you fall into in retirement. There are also plans that allow you to put money in that you've already paid taxes on. Those funds are never taxed again, so in some plans you have taxable and non taxable distributions paid out to you. The non taxable funds are not subject to income taxes in the year you take them out.

Does  USAA  Have  Good  Life  Insurance?
Good morning. I am a benefits consultant focusing on medical and also sell Life insurance. I have been with USAA for 40+ years and have purchased their life insurance policies. The return is quite good and the service is very good. This applies to both their term and permanent policies.

What  Is  Needed  To  Get  Homeowners  Insurance?
You will need the date of construction for the home, the address, the total square footage, type of basement, number of stories, type of siding, type of roofing, type and size of garage, home heating source, distance to nearest responding fire department, distance of nearest fire hydrant, your personal information, and possibly more detailed information on the home to be able to receive a proper quote. After the quote, complete underwriting, sign paperwork and make premium payment.

What  Are  The  Requirements  For  Medicare?
The main way to qualify for Medicare is to be turning 65 year sold. You can complete the application process as early as age 64 and 9 months. Many individuals will qualify for premium-free Part A - you have the option of signing up for Part B as well, however, Part B requires a monthly premium. If you're under 65, you may be eligible for Medicare if you're on disability (and have been for at least 24 months) or have end-stage renal disease (ESRD).

Who  Qualifies  For  Medicare  A?
To qualify for Medicare Part A without having to make payments to Social Security you need 40 quarters of employment where you were paying into the Social Security system. If you do not have 40 quarters of employment then you can pay payments to Social Security system for Part A. These payments would be in addition to the Part B payments that you would pay for Part B coverage.Then if you are going to have Part D-prescription Drug coverage you would have a premium for that as well

How  Can  I  Compare  Annuities?
It is best to find an independent agent who specializes in annuities. They can help you sort through the hundreds of annuity products out there, and show you a comparison of products well suited for your situation. It is important to use an independent agent who will show you multiple companies. If you go to a specific insurance company, all they will show you are annuities from their company. An independent agent can show you annuities from all of the companies out there. As a consumer, be sure to try your best to have a set of defined goals you can go over with the agent. This will help them find suitable products to show you. You can also do your own homework on the internet. There are many different sites out there that will show annuity comparisons. But as I eluded to before, it is easy to get bogged down in all the info for hundreds of annuities. Some sites try to help by showing what they consider "consumer friendly" annuities, such as WEBSITELINK

How  Good  Is  Federal  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Federal long term care insurance is popular, fairly affordable and provides very competitive benefits compared to private market plans. The provided link: WEBSITELINK will give you specific rates, detailed information and information on how to apply for coverage if you meet eligibility requirements. Good luck!

Does  Cigna  Have  Life  Insurance?
Cigna offers group life, accident and disability insurance policies through employers, but does not sell private life insurance policies to individuals. Connecticut General Life Insurance Company (Cigna) does offer individual health insurance plans and Medicare Part D and Advantage plans, in addition to group plans for medical, dental, vision, behavioral health and pharmacy.

What  Does  Dave  Ramsey  Think  About  Annuities?
Dave Ramsey does not recommend fixed annuities. He suggests considering variable annuities only if you have all debt paid off, have emergency funds saved up, used up all your tax deferred options, fully understand the variable annuity, and invest in the four types of mutual funds he recommends (growth, international, growth and income, and aggressive growth).

What  Happens  If  You  Don't  Have  Car  Insurance  In  Arizona?
Great Question. Insurance is the Law in Arizona you must have at least liability insurance to operate a car and also to get your car plates in Arizona. The cost is not very expensive for liability insurance in Arizona ranges are $40-$60 a month for that type of coverages.

Can  I  Withdraw  Money  From  My  Retirement  Plan?
Retirement plans, weather qualified or no-qualified are personal property or assets. Each plan and it's associated product may have penalties and surrender charges as ell as possible ordinary tax consequences for withdrawals. Qualified plans general spell out the ramifications of withdrawals in the retirement plan documents.While reviewing those documents, search for the borrowing provisions of the plan that may be a better option than withdrawing.

What  Are  Land  Annuities?
Land annuities that youre addressing are Irish payments to the British government that appears to be some sort of tax generating revenue approach imposed by the UK. The British government passed several land reform bills targeting land lord revenue. This is such an intriguing question if my assumptions are correct.

What  To  Do  When  You  Can't  Afford  Car  Insurance?
Great question! That is a tough place to be, but it will be much worse if you get caught driving without it, so please don't do that. The best way is to see if you can be added as a driver on someone else's policy - a parent, or spouse? If not, look for bare bones policies with a higher deductible - and then be a very careful driver! You might also look into getting the policy through a company that you have other insurance with - often they give big discounts when you add policies. There are policies out there that are affordable for almost everyone, find an independent agent (one not tied strictly to a big name company) and have them help. feel free to contact me if you would like help.Thanks for asking!

What's  Disability  Insurance?
Disability insurance pays a portion of your income (typically 60-65%) in the event that you become injured or sick and can no longer work. The average American has only 6 months of cash reserves on hand, so disability insurance allows you to pay your bills, mortgage, etc. while you can't receive a paycheck. Depending on your policy, the benefit could pay up until age 67, and depending on your occupation definition on the policy, you could even receive a benefit while returning to work at a different job.

What  Are  Medigap  Excess  Charges?
There is much misinformation spread about this topic. The former answer at least implies that a doctor can just "decide" whether to accept Medicare assignment or not. It is important to understand that this is only true if a doctor has signed a non-participating agreement with Medicare. Most doctors (approx. 97%) are contracted with Medicare as "participating physicians", and as such must accept Medicare assignment, i.e. the Medicare approved amount for the service as payment in full. Participating physicians are not permitted to bill any Part B excess charges. Next, the former example given is simply incorrect: "if you had an exam completed that they billed $500 for. Medicare says that a reasonable and customary charge is $400. This means that Medicare will pay $400 for the exam that was completed. If the doctor accepts assignment, they take the $400 as payment in full. If they do not accept assignment, they can bill you up to 15% of that $400 amount as an excess charge. In this example, the doctor could bill you for another $60 ($400 x 15% = $60)." The truth is that if the doctor is contracted as "non-participating" with Medicare and chooses not to accept assignment, they are first penalized 5% of the Medicare approved amount ($400 x 5% = $20 penalty). Medicare will only reimburse $380 for this example ($400 - $20 penalty). The doctor can bill you up to 15% of the $380 as an excess charge in this example, or $57. In not accepting assignment, the doctor may bill/collect $437 ($380 Medicare reimbursement + $57 excess charge). This gives the doctor the opportunity to receive $437 instead of the $400 Medicare assignment, which in effect is a 9.25% increase in revenue. Non-Participating physicians can decide whether to accept Medicare assignment on a case by case basis, and often do accept assignment, because if they do not, Medicare reimburses the claim to the beneficiary (consumer), and the physician then must collect the reimbursement and the excess charge from the consumer in full. This adds administrative and collection costs that many non-Par physicians do not want to deal with. The former answer states that If you live in one of the states banning Part B excess charges, then the Medicare Part B excess charge benefit of Medigap plans F and G will not be major concern unless you move out of the state. But the truth is that Part B excess charges are not a concern, let alone a major concern, regardless of what state you are living in. For the reasons stated, Part B excess charges are rarely billed. Ask any Medicare beneficiary when was the last time they received a claim payment directly from Medicare (required if doctor was non-Par and refused assignment). You will be hard pressed to find anyone answering yes.

Is  Life  Insurance  Mandatory  In  Illinois?
No, Life Insurance is not mandatory in Illinois. There is no state or federal law that mandates that people purchase life insurance. Sometimes the court or a lending company, e.g., may require that an individual purchase life insurance as part of a divorce settlement or to protect a loan. But the state of Illinois does not mandate purchasing life insurance.

How  Do  I  Get  Auto  Insurance  Without  A  Vehicle?
In Montana you get what is called a Non - Owned policy this is for liability only and will not repair the car that you are driving so if you are driving a friends car and wrecking it cover damage done to others but nothing for your friends car. Now in Montana also the insurance follows the car 1st so if you borrowed your friends car and got into an accident then their insurance covers it first then you insurance 2nd in many cases their insurance will collect what they paid from your insurance carrier. I have many clients that have this coverage because they can't afford a car. As stated by the last person that usually it is because the courts require it if you have had problems with your driving record. This is not always the case many of my clients have great driving records but own no car.

What  Is  Voluntary  Supplemental  Life  Insurance?
Voluntary supplemental life insurance is traditionally a group life insurance plan offered to employees or group members of some group organized for some purpose besides purchasing life insurance. Employees or members of the group have the option to buy life insurance, generally on a guaranteed issue basis, to supplement other life insurance coverage that they presently have.

Who  Does  The  Spendthrift  Clause  In  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  Protect?
A spendthrift clause in some life insurance policies is intended to protect the beneficiary of the policy proceeds from creditors by paying the policy proceeds as periodic income rather than in a lump sum. Some policies allow the policy owner to select this settlement option for the beneficiary. Otherwise, the beneficiary selects this. The payout could be arranged as a fixed payment for as long as the money lasts or for a fixed period of time. The proceeds are then usually protected from creditors. Creditor protection via life insurance varies by state and may provide only limited protection. Contact your legal adviser for more on how this might apply in your situation.

Does  Health  Insurance  Typically  Work  In  Other  Countries?
Most countries allow their citizens to purchase individual health insurance and many employers provide health insurance as well. In some European countries health insurance premiums are financed through a VAT (value added tax) that is factored in to the price of each product you purchase. VAT's increase the cost of goods tremendously.

What  Is  A  Chargeable  Event  Gain  From  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
When you withdraw money from a cash value life insurance policy you have created an event. If the amount that you have withdrawn, combined with those you have previously withdrawn from the same policy, exceeds the amount that you have paid for the policy, you have a gain and are subject to income tax on that gain. Please contact your life insurance company if you suspect that this might occur. The company reports this gain to the I.R.S.

How  Long  Should  I  Have  Term  Life  Insurance?
You should have term life insurance for as long as your need the financial benefit it provides. If you have a 30 year mortgage and would like your life insurance to pay for your home so that your spouse can stay in it if you should pass away, 30 year term life insurance would be your best option. If you have a 5 year old daughter and want your life insurance to provide for her until she gets through college, 20 year term life insurance would be a good choice.

How  Much  Can  You  Make  Selling  Car  Insurance?
There is no limit on what you can make selling car insurance as long as you are willing to start with several years of low pay and work long hours. After 3-5 years you will probably start to breath and then 10 years in, if you are a good agent who offers value, quality service and able to retain your clients you should have a nice income to live on.

What  Are  Patent  Annuities?
Patent annuities are fees paid to the United States Patent and Trademark Office three times during 11.5 years, by owners of utility patents. By paying this maintenance fee through patent annuities, patent owners can block their patents from being copied, sold or manufactured by other parties, and from becoming intellectual property of the public.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Items  Your  Car?
Your renters policy covers personal property. Most policies have a 10% limit on property that is not in the residence at the time of loss. If you had $30,000 of property coverage and your guitar was stolen from your car, it would be covered up to $3,000. The policy excludes professional equipment. If you advertise on Facebook that you play music for Bah Mitzvahs, expect a decline.

Is  Car  Insurance  Required  In  Every  State?
No, not every state. As of the last time I researched this there was only one state that did not require auto insurance coverage. Don't put yourself or your family at financial risk after an accident by not have auto insurance coverage. It retatively inexpensive compared to the benifit received should you be involved in an accident.

Does  AARP  Have  Term  Life  Insurance?
AARP does carry term life insurance that ends at age 80. Premiums are based on 5 year bands and go up over time. The maximum face amount is $100,000. No medical exam is required. There are a number of companies that sell No Exam term life insurance where premiums are guaranteed to stay the same for the entire term. Face amounts are up to $500,000. Please contact me if you'd like to see a quote.

Why  Is  Health  Insurance  Too  Expensive  For  Many  Families?
Health insurance costs are definitely unaffordable for many families. Part of the reason is obesity in this country and the associated costs. Part of the reason is the new technology, which is excellent but costly. Part of the reason is benefits that are now mandated by the government. Part of the reason is the cost of malpractice insurance doctors must buy. In other words, there are lots of reasons. Under the affordable care act, you'll get assistance with the premium depending on your income level.

How  Are  Annuities  Protected?
Tax deferred annuities have no government protection. A tax deferred annuity is only as protected as the contract states. And the contract is only as binding as the financial stability of the life insurance and/or annuity company to make good on the contract. It's important to understand the company's rating and financial strength before entering into the contract.

How  Much  Do  You  Pay  For  Disability  Insurance?
Disability insurance depends on a number of factors. The cost (your premium) is based on a number of factors - the most important being your medical history, your job, and your income - and the policies are very customizable. This is a very important type of coverage to have that many don't think about. It protects one of your greatest assets - your ability to work.If you can't work because of an injury or illness, how do you provide income for you and your family. The answer? Your disability insurance. When you're buying a disability policy, the MOST important factor in the policy structure is the DEFINITION OF DISABILITY .Each policy will use 1 of the 3 definitions: 1) True Own Occupation - this says you are considered totally disabled if, solely due to injury or sickness, you are not able to perform the material and substantial duties of your occupation, even if you are at work in another occupation. In short, this is the most favorable definition you can have. 2) Modified Own Occupation - this says that you are considered totally disabled if, solely due to injury or sickness, you are not able to perform the material and substantial duties of your occupation. This one is commonly seen in many individual disability insurance policies. 3) Gainful Occupation - this says if you are unable to perform the duties of your occupation or any occupation for which you are qualified for by education, training, or experience due to sickness or injury. In short, this is the least favorable definition. This one is commonly seen in group disability insurance policies through an employer and property and casualty insurers that offer disability coverage. There are many moving parts to disability insurance and is not something I would suggest trying to buy on your own - this is a type of coverage you should consult with an experienced independent disability insurance broker about. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help with your coverage and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

How  Can  I  Lower  My  Auto  Insurance  Premium?
Lowering your auto insurance premium is the easiest when you have an experienced broker working with you. We shop the top-rated companies so our customers can save the most money. Specifically, in addition to comparing rates, increasing deductibles and taking advantage of all available discounts is a great start to cutting your car insurance costs.

Can  You  Get  Homeowners  Insurance  With  A  Pitbull?
That really depends upon the insurance company and how they are filed with the Insurance Department in your state. Some companies may not write the coverage while others may offer coverage but exclude any injuries resulting from dog bite from the policy. Still others may offer full coverage provided the dog has been through extensive obedience training.

Why  To  Have  Disability  Insurance?
The reason for having Disability Insurance is to provide for yourself and your family if you were to become disabled and unable to work. Most disabilities only last a few weeks to months, but some disabilities can last years or are permanent. Having income coming in during that time is an important benefit of disability insurance.

Can  You  Borrow  Against  A  403  B  Retirement  Plan?
403(b)s allow borrowing , but the plan provider may not allow plan participants to access their retirement funds via loans. Those plans that permit borrowing may charge for the loan, require a loan repayment schedule and may restrict transfers to another qualified plan, if the loans are not paid off.

Can  A  Hospital  Refuse  To  Bill  Medicare?
If a hospital accepts federal funding they are obligated to treat Medicare patients. They are also required to bill Medicare for any services rendered to Medicare patients. If the hospital accepts Medicare assignment, they are not allowed to balance bill Medicare approved charges. They are allowed to bill the patient for unpaid deductible and coinsurance as well as any Medicare denied service charges.

Can  I  Borrow  Money  From  My  Globe  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Per their website, you can borrow money from a Globe Life Insurance policy. The policy must be Whole Life that you have had long enough to build up a cash value. You can take out a policy loan to borrow against the cash value that has built up in your Globe Whole Life policy.

Can  Life  Insurance  Be  Paid  To  A  Minor?
Yes, a person under 18 can be the beneficiary of a life insurance policy. You should have provisions set up in your will to designate a guardian/trust to control the funds until he/she is old enough to claim them, otherwise a judge will decide who will be given guardianship.A life insurance trustcan be very useful in this instance if you want to control how and when the proceeds are paid out. Many times, a parent may want their child's access to the monies be given in installments (e.g. giving a quarter of it to them when they turn 18, a quarter when they turn 21, a quarter when they turn 25, and a quarter when they turn 30) to make sure that the monies last and are not spend unwisely.

Can  One  Have  Two  Health  Insurance  Policies?
On the same vehicle? No. Because how would you decide which company had to pay out if there was a claim? On separate vehicles, for example if you had a convertible you like to take out on the weekends and didn't want it on your family policy, that would be fine.

What  Happens  If  My  Homeowners  Insurance  Is  Cancelled?
First of all it depends if the policy was actually cancelled or was it simply non-renewed. There is a big difference as any company can choose to non-renew any policyholder for any reason they choose. When it comes to cancelling a policy there are rules and regulations that could vary from state to state as to the process and for what reasons they can cancel your policy. The short answer is, go buy a new policy from a different insurance company, however if it was cancelled due to misrepresentation or concealment you will need to be able to explain your position as most companies will ask if your policy was ever cancelled for one of these reasons.

What  Does  Medicare  Plan  F  Cover?
Plan F is a Medicare Supplement many refer to as the "Cadillac" plan. It covers virtually 100% of all charges approved by Medicare (other than prescriptions). In addition it will cover excess charges. In many states doctors are allowed to charge up to 15% above the Medicare approved amount. Plan F covers this additional charge.

Does  Car  Insurance  Help  Credit  Score?
To the best of my knowledge insurance carriers do not report information about client payment history's directly to the credit agencies. So, the short answer would be, no I do not believe that having auto insurance coverage will help your credit score; but it sure wouldn't hurt it either. Having auto coverage and maintaining your coverage will show moral and financial responsibility.

How  Much  Would  It  Cost  To  Cash  In  401K?
Withdrawing money from a 401 (k) can be quite complicated and could be quite expensive. Since your employer has established the 401(k) the plan documents that govern your plan are in his office. The first thing to find out is whether in service withdrawals are allowed by the plan. Often there will be allowed withdrawals but the withdrawal must meet certain conditions. It is important to determine if you have the right to withdraw money from the 401(k) if you are still an employee. The rules also change if you leave your employer, whether voluntarily or involuntarily. You will probably find that your access to the 401(k) is much greater if you have left your job. If your employer is contributing to your 401(k) there is probably a vesting schedule that is a part of the plan documents. The vesting schedule tells you the percentage of the employers contribution that is actually yours. Normally these vesting schedules run out several years so money that is received by the account may not actually be yours for a number of years. Your deposits will remain yours. These are the employers contributions that have a vesting schedule. If the money in a 401(k) has been deferred from current income tax you will be responsible to pay income tax as ordinary income in the year that you receive the money. If the money is in a Roth 401(k) the withdrawal will be treated as a return of your contribution until you exhaust you basis (the total amount that you contributed.) The next major issue is your age. The rules vary a great deal if you are younger than fifty-nine and a half years old. If money can be withdrawn from a 401(k) and you are younger than fifty-nine and a half years old you will be subject. Generally speaking withdrawals from a 401(k) prior to age fifty-nine and a half are also treated to a special penalty tax of ten per cent. This is changed in addition to the ordinary income tax on the distribution. You cannot avoid paying income tax on the money received but there are ways to avoid paying the ten per cent penalty tax. There are several general reasons. The first reason is if the amount is being withdrawn because the participant has died. A beneficiary will receive all of the distributions of the inherited 401(k) free of the penalty tax. This can become complicated if the beneficiary is a spouse, please see a retirement income adviser or competent tax advisor prior to finalizing a 401(k) to a spouse. Another circumstance under which money can be taken from a 401(k) without paying the penalty tax is if the money is need due to the disability of the participant. This can also be true if money is needed to pay deductible medial expense. There is also a method of withdrawing money that can avoid the penalty tax. This can be quite complicated but the gist is to take the money in substantially equal period payments. If you think about a retirement annuity you will understand this concept. The payments should be designed to cover the lifetime of the participant. It is necessary for the participant to leave employment to use this technique. The computations for these payments are complicated but there are advisors who can help you should this be necessary. It is important to note that the penalty tax is only applicable until you reach age fifty-nine and half and the payments under this plan do not need to be continued after that point. Other retirement programs have additional exceptions that are more liberal than a 401(k.) IRAs, SEPs and SIMPLEs allow a $10,000 exemption to first-time homebuyers (this means anyone who is purchasing a home and hasnt owned a home for two years.) These plays also provide exceptions for higher education expenses (these must be taken in the year they are incurred, not the year that they are paid.) These plans offer exceptions for health insurance premiums for the unemployed. There is also a special rule for participants who are separating from their company and are more than fifty-five years old. There are ways to avoid the penalty tax but this requires careful tax planning.

How  Does  Employee  Life  Insurance  Work?
Employee life insurance usually refers to a group term life insurance plan provided as a benefit for employees of a company. But employee life insurance can also include voluntary plans and business life insurance policies such as those used in conjunction with a non-qualified deferred compensation agreement. In some cases the employer pays all or part of the premium. Voluntary life premiums are normally paid by the employee. Group term life plans and voluntary insurance allow the employee to name the beneficiary. Business life insurance plans usually have the employer as the beneficiary.

Can  I  Switch  My  Insurance  From  One  Car  To  Another?
You can not switch your auto coverage from one vehicle to another, but you can cancel coverage one vehicle and add another vehicle to your policy. Insurance is a product that is as unique as the person and vehicle being provided protection. Contact your local agent with the information on the vehicle you wish to add coverage to and they should be able to you coverage almost instantly.

Where  Can  You  Get  Disability  Insurance?
There are two distribution channels for disability: the career and brokerage channel. Most planners recommend utilizing the brokerage channel because of their access to the full inventory of disability carriers. Mutual of Omaha is a leader is short term disability insurance. Standard of Oregon is a leader in long term disability insurance.

How  To  Cash  In  A  Paid  Up  Life  Insurance  Policy?
To cash in a paid up life insurance policy, contact the company that has issued you the policy. They will provide you with a form that you can complete and sign to perform this action. Before you do that, you may want to inquire about taking a loan against your policy. That way you can keep the death benefit protection but still get use of the cash value.

What  Car  Would  Have  The  Cheapest  Insurance?
Great question. While there are many factors that effect the rate on each car. Each insurance company has diffrent rates on each car. There is a annually report on the most stolen cars in the USA. If your car ranks low in that report your insurance rate will be low as well.

How  Much  Car  Insurance  Should  I  Carry  In  Pennsylvania?
Pennsylvania state minimums for car insurance are 15k/30k for Bodily Injury, 5k for Property Damage and 5k for Medical Payment. All other coverage and limits are optional. However I highly recommend Uninsured (UM) and Underinsured Motorist (UIM) coverage. This protects You if the person who hits you doesn't have insurance or enough insurance to cover Your damages. With that being said, the state minimums are very low and people who only carry the minimums often find themselves short changed when it comes time to submit a claim. I don't think any of us can get any emergency medical treatment for $5k these days. The average auto owner in NEPA at least, carries 100/300 BI, 100 PD, 100/300 UM and UIM (unstacked if your insuring 1 car/ stacked if 2 or more), 10k Med pay, 250 comp, 500 coll, and most of the first party benefits along with towing and rental. It really is beneficial to speak to an agent about your personal needs so that an appropriate policy can be written to shield those needs! Go to WEBSITELINK for more information and some free quotes!

What  Is  Cash  Value  Of  Life  Insurance?
Cash value life insurance is a permanent life insurance contract that accumulates cash values based on the crediting method of the policy: participating dividends, interest rate crediting, index crediting, separate sub account crediting using equity and bond instruments (debiting for losses as well.) In general terms, once the policy expenses are paid, the earnings, if any, are applied to the remaining cash values.

Can  Life  Insurance  Be  Sold  As  An  Investment?
Can life insurance be sold as an investment? Short answer "yes". Now the difficult part, define investment? Does life insurance fit the current version of the definition of the word investment? I say current version because what is and what isn't an investment has changed over the years. Now days investment as a definition carries far more RISK in it than can be found in a traditional cash value life policy. Should life insurance be a part of a person's investment portfolio? In most cases yes as life insurance can be part of a financial plan that fits a person's risk tolerances. But life insurance shouldn't be primarily sold as an investment. State insurance offices frown upon it, yet an entire segment has been set up to sell life policies on other people as investments for the death benefits.

How  Much  Is  Health  Insurance  A  Month?
The average cost in the country for a health insurance plan (overall) is estimated to be about $328 per month - however, this is only reflective upon a silver level plan (not all 2014 state figure averages are available yet).While you can try to come up with an "average" cost, there's too many factors that go into premium pricing to say how in relation that compares to an individual as compared to the overall group. In short, an "average" premium is a rather useless figure to the individual. It's only representative to a large group - you could have people paying a small nominal amount (after factoring in subsidies) per month to several thousand dollars per month. Even for that there's a ton of information to sift through to get an accurate representation. Under the Affordable Care Act, you have the options for bronze, silver, gold, and platinum level plans (as you go up in metal, the price goes up, but provides better benefits) - some areas also have a catastrophic plan available. In addition, your age and zip codes are big factors as well. The younger you are, the cheaper your premium - the older you are, the higher your premium. Also, if you use tobacco products, your premium can be increased up to 50% as well. I always recommend consulting with an experienced broker regarding your personal health coverage. We can work with you to look at a wide range of options from many of the top carriers in the industry and find the plan that's going to be best suitable for your needs. Please let me know if I can be of further assistance. Thanks very much.

Section  125  Employer  Health  Insurance  Plan  What  Is  It?
A Section 125 plan allows employees to pretax their portion of health insurance premiums for medical, dental, vision, etc. In addition there are two other options that help employees. You can defer from your paycheck and pay for allowable expenses under the IRS code section 213 up to $2,500 a year. This inculdes deductibles, co-pays, co-insurance, dental and vision expenses to name a few. The third component is the ability to defer up to $5,000 a year to pay for allowable child care for children under 13. By paying for your reimbusrible medical expenses and childcare through a Section 125 plan you are using pre-tax dollars and will not pay income taxes on those funds. It is like having the government pay 25% of your medical and childcare expenses.

Will  Life  Insurance  Cover  Medical  Bills?
Life insurance will cover medical bills or whatever bills that the BENEFICIARY uses the proceeds to cover. Unless the life insurance policy has "living benefits" or a rider specified for certain expenses incurred while still alive, the policy does not pay out anything until the death of the insured person.

Does  Bank  Owned  Life  Insurance  Really  Work?
Bank-owned life insurance "works" in the sense it is typically reputable and the underwriting carrier is fairly highly-rated. However, often, the beneficiary is not your spouse or other family member but rather the bank itself. Also, plans may be limited and the premium you pay might be higher (perhaps significantly) than other available options. Always shop around for life insurance, especially term coverage.

Can  You  Cancel  A  Renters  Insurance  Policy?
A renters insurance policy can be terminated by the insured at any time. Most carriers require a signed and dated request to be delivered in order to cancel the policy. A refund for the unearned portion of the premium would be sent to the insured. If there is a change of address following the cancellation, the cancellation request should indicate the new address for the purpose of final correspondence and the refund (if applicable).

Does  health  insurance  cover  dermatology?
Most major medical plans will cover medically necessary treatment by a dermatologist. This includes treatment for conditions like acne, eczema, psoriasis, cancer and so forth. Cosmetic treatment for things such as skin blemishes or tattoo removal are generally not a covered item. In some situations removal of a birth mark (such as a port wine stain) may be a covered item.

Does  Medicare  Pay  For  IV  Antibiotics  Used  At  Home?
Medicare Part B does not pay for IV antibiotics used at home but Medicare Part D might pay for the drug itself. In order to have the costs and supplies associated with administering the IV drug covered, it must be done as an inpatient under Part A or in a doctor's office under Part B.

Can  I  Buy  Short  Term  Health  Insurance?
You can buy short term health insurance from many of the top-rated companies, such as UnitedHealthcare and Blue Cross (in most areas). Usually, the applicants are extremely short, and you can apply online in about 20 minutes from a respected website owned by an experienced broker. We typically can quickly shop and compare dozens of plans quite quickly so you are always receiving the lowest prices. Policies are often approved immediately or within 24 hours.

How  Much  Does  Insurance  Cost  For  An  In  Home  Daycare?
Great question. A typical renters or homeowners policy will cover the cost of a small in home daycare for 40-100 dollars a year, by a simple endorsement (change to your existing home or renters insurance) What I mean by small, and each company will have their own rules so always call your insurance provider, is by havingfour or less children under your care that are not related to you. The cost for a larger in home daycare would need to be covered by a commercial insurance agency and would require a lot more information, number of children, hours of operation, food preparation, staff and certification.

Where  Should  I  Get  Homeowners  Insurance?
You should search Google local or Bing Local and find an Independent Insurance Agent in your local community. Usually an Independent Insurance Agent will represent more than one insurance company so you can get a few home quotes for comparison. When you receive the most competitive quote don't forget to ask about the agent's experience with company's claim paying history. Price does matter but claim paying ability could be more important to you.

What  Is  A  Deferred  Annuity  Contract?
That is a great question! There are two basic types of annuities, immediate and deferred. An immediate annuity is one that is made with a single lump sum deposit, and the annuity begins paying out no later than a year from the contract date. A deferred annuity is a contract that may allow periodic payments, or a single payment to fund it; and the payments do not start for a specified number of years later. It will have a number of fees and penalties attached to the early withdrawal of the funds. A deferred annuity will generally provide a much larger return on your investment because of the time between funding and annuitization, something not provided in the immediate annuity. An immediate annuity would be something to consider if you received a settlement, or large inheritance, and needed to supplement your income, and lower your tax liability. A deferred annuity would be suited for creating an income stream for later in life, understanding that once it was funded, the money would become relatively unavailable to you until then. Please be sure to have your agent walk through a good suitability study with you to ensure you get the annuity that best suits your need. Feel free to inbox me, if you have further questions. Thank you for asking!

What  Happens  To  My  Health  Insurance  When  I  Turn  26?
What happens to your health insurance when you turn 26? Well, if you are the primary insured as a policy holder or employee on a benefit plan, absolutely nothing happens. If you are a dependent on your parents coverage, you will now have to seek your own coverage in the marketplace. You are given an open window to move to your own plan.

Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Cracked  Chimney  Liner?
If the crack in the chimney liner was caused by a covered loss and the crack is a detriment to the safety of the residents or adversely affects the property it may be covered. Every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand what coverage is provided and what exclusions there may be.

When  Does  Health  Insurance  Coverage  End  When  You  Leave  A  Job?
Group coverage ends a month after your employment terminates. You have the option to go on COBRA for up to 18 months. When you go on COBRA, you have the same coverage as you had before - the drawback is you're paying 102% of the premium (meaning you're paying your portion, the employer portion, plus an additional 2% in premiums). Under the Affordable Care Act, the loss of other group coverage can grant you a special enrollment period (a window to purchase a health plan outside of the annual enrollment period) to apply for a new plan. The metal plans in the marketplace can offer competitive premium and benefits compared to the premiums for going on COBRA. The advantage of an individual plan is that it goes with you regardless of who the employer is. With group coverage, the premiums can be less, but you lose the coverage if you leave the company. If you have any questions about health insurance or would like help with your coverage, send me a message by clicking on the "contact me" button. You can also visit my website, TermInsuranceBrokers.com, for additional information regarding health plans.

Does  Medicare  Have  A  Copay?
Not really. Once you have been in the hospital for more than 60 consecutive days there is a daily copay but most of your basic items do not have a Medicare copay. Medicare does have deductibles and coinsurance that can leave you with an unlimited amount of OOP expenses if you have a bad year.

Can  You  Have  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  On  An  Ex  Spouse?
You can have a life insurance policy on an ex spouse if the death of your ex spouse would hurt you or your children financially. If that is the case, then your ex spouse needs to sign the application, and take the exam if one is required, so you will need to get his/her consent to take out policy on them.

Is  It  Safe  To  Buy  Term  Life  Insurance  Online?
How did you find the site? Did someone you know and trust refer you to the site? If you know nothing about the site, you take the risk, like anything else on the web. There are several excellent sites that sell life insurance online. And others I would question. If you know your local agent, that is usually the best way to go, but more and more, organizations are aligning themselves with trustworthy providers. Do your due diligence, like anything else you buy. Thank you. GARY LANE.

Why  Do  Insurance  Companies  Sell  Annuities?
All financial product manufacturers develop and distribute product to make a profit. Insurance companies manufacture product to accomplish the same. An annuity is a mortality product, comprised of the difference of their gross returns and what they credit to the annuity, i.e. the spread. They also make money on the mortality expense they assign to the annuitant based on the annuitants gender, age and life expectancy, which can with some carriers be underwritten.

How  To  Tell  If  You  Need  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Based on the geriatric statistics of seniors in retirement you will need Long Term Care Insurance (LTCi) sometime during retirement if not before. LTCi benefits paid are not necessarily confined to extended care in a nursing home. The odds are much higher that youll use it for assisting home living. Unless your family history has a disposition of shortened life expectancy, youre probably going to live long enough to use it. The stats tell the story.

Can  I  Have  Cobra  And  Medicare?
You can have both COBRA and Medicare, but you probably don't want or need both. If you qualify for Medicare your Part A coverage is normally "free". You paid for it in advance during your working years. Part B requires a premiuim. In most cases Medicare will pay first, COBRA second.

What  Blood  Test  Are  Done  For  Life  Insurance?
The blood tests that are done for a life insurance exam generally include: Glucose AGP and Hemoglobin A1C BUN Creatine Alkaline Phosphatase Uric Acid Total Bilirubin Total Protein, Albumin, Globulin SGOT (AST), SGPT (ALT), GGT Cholesterol,HDL, LDL, and ratios Triglycerides These indicate abnormalities of blood, kidneys, liver and heart along with other diseases. The blood is also tested for presence of nicotine and drug use.

Is  Critical  Illness  Insurance  The  Same  As  Ppi?
Critical Illness Insurance is not the same as PPI, or Payment Protection Insurance. Critical Illness Insurance pays a cash benefit to the person insured by the policy, when the insured person is diagnosed with a serious disease listed in the policy. The cash benefit can be used as the insured person wishes. PPI payments are triggered when the insured person is unable to work due to job loss. The inability to work may be due to illness or other reasons. The payments go to repay a lender who is carrying a mortgage or large loan for the insured person.

What  To  Do  When  Term  Life  Insurance  Expires?
If you have a term life insurance policy and the guarantee period on it is expiring, you have a several options: 1) you can continue to pay premiums as the policy will be annually renewable, however, the premiums will start to go up each year (based on age) by a substantial margin. 2) If the conversion period is still available, you can convert all, or a portion, of the face amount to a permanent policy with new medical underwriting. 3) you can stop paying premiums and let the policy lapse, thus ending your coverage. 4) you can apply for a new policy (can be with the same carrier or a new carrier) to secure a new term or permanent insurance policy.

How  Does  Metlife  Life  Insurance  Work?
Metlife is one of the largest life insurance companies in the world by total assets and life insurance in force. It has a huge retention capacity to underwrite risk without reinsurance assistance. MetLife underwrites their prospects through a medical due diligence process and financially validates the requested coverage. An offer is made to the prospective policy owner and if accepted and bound with the required premium is placed in force as an active policy.

Does  Farm  Bureau  Drug  Test  For  Life  Insurance?
For their life insurance policies that have medical underwriting, Farm Bureau does drug test for life insurance. Farm Bureau also offers simplified issue life insurance that usually does not require any testing of bodily fluids. When no oral swabs, bleed tests or urine tests are done, there is no drug testing done. However, there are questions about drug use on the application.

How  Do  Enhanced  Annuities  Work?
Enhanced annuities are generally immediate, lifetime income annuities that pay more in the payout period due to the health factors of the annuitant (person upon whose life annuity payments are based). Lifetime annuities pay out until the annuitant dies (plus any guarantees built into the contract). Annuity payments are based on actuarial tables. If the person receiving the payments lives longer than expected, it is to their advantage. Enhanced annuities or Impaired annuities pay extra because the annuitant has a shorter life expectancy. This can be due to health conditions or health habits such as smoking.

Does  Medicare  Part  A  Cover  Doctors  In  Hospital?
It depends on how you mean this question. The care you receive from doctors while an inpatient at a hospital is covered under Medicare Part A. This is considered part of the medical treatment. If you have an appointment with a doctor who has an office at the hospital, this is covered by Medicare Part B.

What  Happens  When  Your  Life  Insurance  Lapses?
That is a great question! Generally what happens is that if it can be addressed relatively quickly, the agent can request a reinstatement form. The applicant and the agent then fill out the application, and resubmit for coverage. That is the good news. The bad news is that the client will need to submit the premium that is back owed, plus generally two months in advance. That can be pretty pricey. The reinstatement process can take anywhere from 30-60 days. Thanks for asking!

Where  Can  I  Purchase  Disability  Insurance?
You can purchase Disability Insurance from Life or Health Insurance agents who sell it, or you can purchase it from agencies that exclusively sell DI. Our agency, e.g. consults with Disability Insurance brokers so that we can find the best DI rates for our clients from among an assortment of carriers.

When  Do  You  Need  To  Sign  Up  For  Medicare?
When you turn 65 you will automatically be enrolled if you qualify and have worked the requisite number of hours. You should receive a Welcome to Medicare package containing your Medicare card, information on Medicare and opt out forms in case you are still working and covered by your employer. Do not opt out of any portion of Medicare unless you have creditable coverage from a group or union. If you have not received you Medicare card by your 65th birthday, call your local Social Security office or 1-800-MEDICARE.

What  Are  The  Highest  Paying  Annuities?
The highest paying annuities should be assessed by category: guaranteed fixed rate, indexed crediting rate, etc. Annuity interest rates can change so always check your annuity brokerage company for the latest crediting, but as of mid-May 2013, the fixed rate for 5 years was just around 3% and indexed caps around 5%. The low interest rate environment is creating innovation with income riders that can pay on distribution up to 7%. Remember all these rates can change.

What  Happens  If  Someone  Does  Not  Have  Health  Insurance?
If there is a medical "need" at the time of service, any person will be treated by hospital services. So care in the case of immediate need is not in question. The next part, the paying the bill part, could go in two directions. First, most hospitals will waive (write off) the costs if the person doesn't have the financial means to pay the bill. The other, if the person "has" the means to pay and has chosen not to carry health insurance will be treated the same way as any other bill this person incurs. Which can mean collections. The choice is the medical providers to make.

Does  My  Husband  Have  Life  Insurance?
The first place to look is your husbands employer group plan to see if he elected life insurance. It may also be itemized on his pay stub or payroll check receipt. It is possible that his employer purchased life insurance on him as a key executive or part of his executive package separate from the businesses group plan. The next place to look is your checking account for payments that appear to be to an insurance company.

Does  Home  Owners  Insurance  Cover  Lost  Luggage?
A percentage of the personal property covered in a homeowners policy extends to personal property that is away from the premises. Suitcases are often used away from the premises. If they are lost or stolen they would be a potential claim. Please remember the deductible as that might exceed the value of the luggage.

Who  Qualifies  For  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
You qualify for Long Term Care Insurance in a similar way to qualifying for Life Insurance. An application is filled out, an exam is taken, and an underwriting team reviews your case to determine if you are healthy enough to be approved for coverage. Some of the things that can disqualify people for Long Term Care Insurance are stroke, polio, rheumatoid arthritis, diabetic neuropathy, dementia, and other conditions that are put them at high risk for needing such services in the future.

Can  You  Get  Life  Insurance  Without  A  Physical?
Yes, getting life insurance without a physical can be a very good way to get life insurance, especially if you do not fit in the very best health class due to weight or minor health conditions. People sometimes opt to take an exam because the price looks like it will be less. But then after taking the exam, they are rated higher and the price ends up being more than what a No Exam policy would have cost. No Exam life insurance makes getting life insurance much quicker and easier and less stressful.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Breast  Pump?
Under the new Affordable Care Act provisions, equipment for breast-feeding is often covered. But mechanical equipment coverage seems a bit murky. It may be best to contact your current insurer and describe the type of breast pump you have. They should be able to advise you if it is covered. Breast..., I mean, best of luck to you.

How  Much  Life  Insurance  Should  I  Have  On  A  Nurse's  Salary?
How much life insurance should you have on a nurse's salary? Well are you married? Single? Have kids? Have debt? want to own something that builds equity? Lots of questions to your question actually. So the answer is going to be depends. ;) What would you like the policy to do? Cover debt, build cash values, take care of your animals, donate to your school where you picked up your nursing degree? The thing is there really honestly isn't a single answer for your question until you figure out what matters to you and what you want to happen if you're not here or come home everyday for decades.

Why  Have  Critical  Illness  Insurance?
It will provide coverage for conditions more easily than long term care insurance. Critical illness coverage is not a substitute for long term care but is a complementary coverage. The claim rules for Critical Illness are able to be met in circumstances where long term care's SADL's would not be satisfied.

How  Soon  After  Moving  Do  I  Need  To  Get  New  Rental  Insurance?
Most renters policies extend coverage to a new location. It is unlikely that the value of your property will change much during the move so the current values should be accurate. Notify the company that you have a new address. That will trigger the changes that are necessary. You should be sure that you receive an amended declaration showing the new address as this is very important for liability claims.

Can  A  Trust  Be  A  Beneficiary  Of  Life  Insurance?
Yes, a trust can be the beneficiary of a life insurance policy, upon which the proceeds will be distributed according to the terms of the trust upon the death of the insured. Take care that the trust is up to date and active at the time of death. A trust can also be the owner of a policy.

Does  Medicare  Include  Dental  Insurance?
Medicare does not cover the majority of dental treatment such as cleanings , X-Rays, wisdom teeth removal, extractions etc... However, if treatment is medically necessary (such as hospitalization), it is treated differently. However, there some Medicare Advantage plans that will provide benefits. Vision benefits may also be included. Discussing your options with an experienced broker or visiting a reputable national website will often help you understand which plans are best for your specific situation. You can also purchase a separate dental policy since many of the large health insurers offer coverage. There are also dental "discount" plans that are rather limited in coverage but relatively inexpensive.

Who  Does  Clark  Howard  Recommend  For  Term  Life  Insurance?
I have not seen where Clark Howard recommends purchasing term life insurance from any one specific life insurance company. He recommends to comparison shop from websites that offer choices from multiple life insurance companies so that you can find the lowest term life premiums for you and your family.

Can  You  Get  Life  Insurance  On  Anybody?
No, you cannot get life insurance on anybody, and not everybody can get life insurance on you. In order to get life insurance on the life of someone else, the owner of the policy must have some financial connection to that person. If it is not a close relative, an eligible person may be someone who owes you a substantial amount of money, for whom your are providing a home, or some other insurable interest. That guideline helps prevent people from taking out policies on others just to make a windfall, or even for criminal intent.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Chimney  Repairs?
A homeowners policy pays for damages caused by named perils. Depending upon the individual policy named perils normally includes wind and lightning damage. However, coverage isnt extended to general wear and tear. A call to your insurance agent can probably clarify matters for you.

Who  Pays  For  Part  A  Of  Medicare?
Most people do not pay any premium for Medicare Part A because they are qualified to receive it at no charge. Free premiums are obtained by paying into Medicare for at least 40 quarters, or being the spouse of someone who did, or being disabled, to name a few ways. For them, the Social Security Administration pays the premium. If the Medicare recipient has not earned free premiums, they pay the premium from their own pockets.

What  To  Look  For  In  Critical  Illness  Insurance?
Some things to look for in buying Critical Illness Insurance are the type of illnesses that are covered, whether they will pay 100% or a portion of the benefit, whether you need to survive a certain number of days to collect on it, exclusions based on family history, whether the policy can be paid up in a certain number of years, whether premiums can be returned in a certain number of years, and whether the policy is guaranteed renewable.

What  Are  Life  Insurance  Policy  Dividends?
By IRS definition Life Insurance Dividends are considered a return of "unused premium" and not subject to income tax as they have already been taxed going in as premium. Mutual companies pay dividends to policyholders as they have no stockholders as owners of the company. The permanent policyholders (not term, not universal life policyholders) are considered the owners of the company and dividends are applied to their whole life policies. A dividend for a mutual life insurance company is a combination of investment return, positive mortality experience (fewer deaths than expected) and operating expense savings and what is held as surplus by the company. Money beyond what the company needs or projects is returned to whole life policyholders in that form of a dividend. The surplus is what protects the company if for some reason they goof. Most mutual companies have been paying dividends consistently for more than a century.

Which  Company  Should  I  Choose  For  Renters  Insurance?
That is really up to you. In general, choose the coverage that best suits your particular situation at a fair price that you are willing to pay. Whatever company provides that, be sure to take time to talk to your insurance professional about the financial standing of the company and also about the coverage and discount options available.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Shingles?
Roofing shingles as well as siding are considered to be a part of your dwelling and thus would be covered for damage caused by a covered peril. Wear and tear for example is not a covered peril whereas damage caused by wind, wind driven rain, lightening etc are. Any covered damage to your home would be handled unser the specific terms and conditions of your policy. So talk to your Insurance Professional about this. Give them the specifics about your loss and be sure to ask any and all questions that come to mind.

How  To  Determine  How  Much  Renters  Insurance  You  Need?
Great question there are several way's to determine how much coverage you need example: you could count how many pieces of clothing you own and determine how much each piece cost you when you purchased the item like a pair of jeans $100 times the number you own, how much did you pay for your TV(S) , if you own the appliances and your furniture. Most people don't realize how much they have invested in every day household items it is good idea to keep track of your purchases especially big ticket items. A good independent agent can help you determine the right amount of coverage for your needs also is good idea to video your Home/Apartment and catalog serial numbers and save receipt's.

How  Do  Life  Insurance  Policies  Pay  Out?
Life insurance policies pay out the death benefit as a lump sum, or in installments, or both. If paid in installments, there is interest added to the payments for the extra time that the life insurance company had that money in its possession. The installments can be a number (such as paid out in 10 equal installments) or a time period (such as paid out within 10 years).

Does  Life  Insurance  Pay  Off  Debt?
Life insurance pays thebeneficiaryof the policy. Thebeneficiarycan use the death benefitproceeds in any way they deem fit. If debt is cumbersome to the family or business, the proceeds can be used to pay debt down or eliminate it all together. The largest debt is generally a home mortgage. Manybeneficiariesretire theirmortgage from lifeinsuranceproceeds.

What  Does  30  Year  Term  Life  Insurance  Mean?
Thirty Year Term means that the policy will be in force for 30 years, at which time the policy may be renewed if that option is available or unless it converted to a permanent policy (again if that option is available), it will terminate. There are a couple different types of term policies. Level Term means the face amount will stay level for the term of the policy. This is most common. There is also decreasing term, meaning the face amount decreases over the term of the policy. This is usually used to cover a mortgage for example. There is also increasing term where the death benefit increases over the term of the policy. This is far less common. There are some term policies that allow for premium increases during the term of the policy so be careful and don't just assume the premium will stay level. I have seen some contracts that allow companies to increase premiums based on there mortality experience.

Will  Renters  Insurance  Cover  A  Dog  Bite?
The renters or tenants policy is the correct place to find coverage. If you are legally liable for a dog bite, that is covered by a tenants policy. However, many companies endorse their policy to restrict the amount of coverage for an animal. The endorsement may even deny coverage for certain breeds. If you have pets you should read your policy closely.

What  Are  The  Functions  Of  Having  Disability  Insurance?
As Tim so aptly described, the function of Disability Insurance is simply to pay you when you are unable to bring home a paycheck. While Disability Insurance itself is a very straightforward product, there are many features and riders to DI that perform different functions. E.g. Having the "own occupation" feature will enable you to receive payments if you cannot work at your OWN job. Without it, you may be ineligible for benefits as long as you can work at ANY job. So when you got to buy Disability Insurance, do use a professional who can help you get the policy that performs best for your needs.

Is  Osteopathic  Treatment  Covered  By  Medicare?
Osteopathic treatment is usually covered under Medicare Part B. If the underlying condition being treated is considered medically necessary, your treatment plan is also covered. Doctors of Osteopathy are licensed to practice traditional medicine and surgery, but some also rely on manipulation of the spine and joints. Sometimes the manipulation is part of a routine regiment and is not treating a specific illness and may not be covered.

What  Does  Medigap  Plan  E  Cover?
Medigap has 10 standardized Plans (A, B, C, D, F, G, K, L, M, N). There is not a Medigap Plan E available. The two most popular Medigap Plans are Plan F and Plan G. Medigap Plan F will cover all Medicare approved charges (co-insurance, co-pays and deductibles). Medigap Plan G will also cover all Medicare approved charges (like Plan F) after satisfying the annual Part B deductible ($147 in 2014).

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Hotel  Stay?
Great question! Many policies will cover hotel stays if the home is damaged to the point that it is uninhabitable. I would advise you to contact your agent to ensure that you are indeed covered, and the period or dollar amount that the coverage allows, as there will be limits. If I can help in any way, please contact me. Thanks for asking!

What  Is  The  Best  Age  To  Start  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Many brokers believe that the best age to start Long Term Care Insurance is prior to age 50, because premiums are lower at younger ages, and because most people do not develop serious health conditions until after that age. However, most people do not think about LTC insurance until older. As long as you can qualify for it medically, there really is no bad age to purchase Long Term Care Insurance.

Which  Type  Of  Life  Insurance  Should  I  Get?
What type of life insurance you get depends on what you want the life insurance for and for how long you want / need the coverage. An independent life insurance broker who represents several companies can help you find the right policy at the right price. Here is overview to get you started: Term is insurance is initially the most inexpensive type of coverage. The premiums rise at the end of each term and the policy has an expiry date. Conversion to permanent insurance is usually permitted before a stated age (check contract for details) ,Best for short term needs. Whole life is permanent coverage and usually has a guaranteed level premium. The policy's death benefit could be designed to rise in value, In addition there could be a significant build up of cash value. This type of policy has long term applications in financial, retirement and estate planning. Since the premium is level, it is initially higher than term coverage for the same amount. If cost is a concern a combination of whole life and term can often be an alternative. Universal life can provide permanent insurance coverage. I say can be because it is essentially a whole life policy "unbundled" where you control the amount of premium and the investment options. This flexibility is a double edge sword. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me. If you would like to work with a local life insurance broker, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: life insurance broker Halifax or life insurance agent Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find a life insurance broker in your community.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Protect  The  Owner?
If by owner you mean property owner, then no it typicallydoes not provide coverage for the owner. Renter's insurance provides coverage for the insured and the insured's personal property only. The owner of the premise should have their own insurance policy for the building. Ipersonally would recommenda landlord or owner of rental property should have as a requirement of renting that the tenant secure renters insurance before moving into the premise and carry coverage during their residence.

Should  I  Carry  Long  Term  Disability  Insurance?
It really depends upon your current financial situation. If you have saved enough money that you no longer need to work in order to live, then you may not need long term disability. However, if you could not live for an extended period of time without income, then you should give long term disability insurance a serious consideration. You may purchase up to 70% of your current income in protection on a long term disability plan.

When  Do  You  Plan  For  Retirement?
The first day of full employment you should pay yourself first via a retirement plan. Even if it's a small monthly amount, start your money discipline every pay period. Procrastination can be costly. Saving or investing today will have a direct impact on your retirement lifestyle in the future.

What  Is  Good  Renters  Insurance?
Good renters insurance pays a claim to the greatest extent possible and makes you whole when you suffer a loss. This is true whether it is loss due to fire, or loss due to lawsuit. Good renters insurance also meets the requirements of your landlord. The place to buy good renters insurance is from a trusted insurance agent. This agent will listen to you, provide sound financial advice, and communicate clearly with you and the insurance company. Premium is a secondary consideration.

What  Age  Should  I  Buy  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Most long term care advisers begin introducing extended care insurance concepts to their prospects and clients at age 50. But most seniors begin to actually purchase long term care in their early 60s. However, younger people whose families has a predisposition to disease or nursing home confinement need to consider long term care while they're healthy, even if it's before age 50.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Death  Of  Owner?
If you are concerned about the death of the owner, buy life insurance. Homeowner's policies are not designed to cover the death of an owner. The loss of the owner will be a far greater loss than the loss of the home in most cases. I have a close friend who lost her husband and later had her house burn to the foundation. She will tell you any day, insure the owner!

Can  You  Have  2  Renters  Insurance  Policies?
In theory, there is nothing to prevent someone from obtaining more than one renter's policy to cover the same property and liability exposures but should a claim occur most policies have language requiring you to declare other insurance that may cover your claim. Failing to declare the existence of other insurance may void your coverage entirely. If other insurance is available, the policy will outline how the claim would be addressed. In some situations, like property coverage, each company would "share" the loss. In others, each insurer may share the loss or one policy would be considered "excess" of the other and payment would be made only when one policy's limit is exhausted. You may also find questions concerning "other insurance" on the application you complete and sign when purchasing insurance. Many companies may shy away from writing coverage when they know duplicate coverage exists. Generally, I would say it is not a good idea to have two renters policies covering the same insured.

Is  Health  Insurance  Required?
Under the Affordable Care Act, everyone will have to have health insurance or pay a penalty (also known as an "individual shared responsibility payment"). If you choose to pay the penalty instead of securing coverage, you will still be responsible for 100% of your medical care. The penalty is calculated in one of 2 ways (you pay whichever is the higher amount). In 2014, the penalties will be calculated as: 1) 1% of your yearly household income featuring a maximum penalty as the national average yearly premium for a bronze plan. 2) $95 per person for the year (If under age 18, then $47.50) featuring a maximum penalty per family of $285 under this method. Its important to note that the penalty will change each year. In 2015, method one increases to 2% of your yearly household income and method two increases to $325 per person. In 2016, it will increase again to 2.5% for method one and $695 per person for method two. The penalty methods will be adjusted for inflation in later years. To avoid the penalty, you need to have health insurance that qualifies as minimum essential coverage. Please feel free to contact me for help or if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Can  Overweight  People  Get  Life  Insurance?
Overweight people can be underwritten for life insurance. Prudential is a leader in this area. The real issue with overweight prospects is usually additional impairments like diabetes, heart conditions, pulmonary problems or persons who also smoke.

Can  I  Add  My  Fiance  To  My  Health  Insurance  In  Georgia?
Georgia law does not require health insurance companies to allow someone to join an insurance policy just because they intend to get married. However, your finance can purchase a policy on his or her own, and you could help pay the premiums if you would like. Ultimately, in the vast majority of cases, the cost of her coverage would the same whether she was added to your policy or if you purchased the exact same plan for her individually. In that regard, there really would not be any advantage at all to adding your finance to your current policy.

Who  Does  Medicare  Apply  To?
Medicare applies to persons US citizens or legal residents who are age 65 and older, or who qualify for Medicare benefits in another way. Other ways to qualify for Medicare, besides age, are being on Social Security Disability for at least two years, having end stage renal disease, or having ALS.

Where  To  Shop  For  Home  Insurance?
You have many choices of sources for homeowner insurance, although markets availability varies depending on State of residence and even localities within. I suggest using an independent agency, since they typically have more options for you, in terms of insurance company possibilities to suit your particular needs. Unlike internet insurance buying, independent agents give you the opportunity to get answers to your questions and insurance buying advice. As for another option, 'captive agents' typically have only one carrier to offer you. Ask the independent agency representative about the financial strength/size and AM Best's rating of each carrier they recommend for you.

How  Long  Does  Term  Life  Insurance  Last?
Term life insurance lasts as long as the term selected. When the number of the years are up, many policies either automatically become annually renewable, or you can choose to make them annually renewable. This extends the years of the policy, but at a very high price that can go up every year after that. Many Term policies offer conversion privileges, which allows you to change them to permanent insurance. The conversion period may be offered for few years, all the way to the end of the term. Converting your Term life insurance is a way of making it last for a lifetime.

Which  Agency  Oversees  Medicare?
CMS, the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services oversees Medicare. It is a federal agency within the United States Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) . CMSadministers the Medicare program and works with states alsoonMedicaid adminstration including children's programs (such asState Children's Health Insurance Program -SCHIP). CMS also has a key role in administering HIPAA, and agents also go through CMS for certification of the new Marketplace plans.

Can  I  Change  Auto  Insurance  At  Any  Time?
You can change your auto insurance at any time. The process is simple. You contact an experienced broker and then we shop all of the major companies to provide you with the lowest available rates and the most flexible payment plans. However, before you cancel an auto insurance policy, it's important to know exactly what the rate on the new policy will be. Therefore, it should be underwritten and an offer in writing should be received. A broker can easily review the process with you.

How  Much  Can  Renters  Insurance  Cost?
Renters insurance can be very affordable. The premiums for renter's insurance normally range between $100 and $300 depending on the limits selected for your particular policy and location of the residence. Renters insurance policies are much more affordable than a regular homeowners policy, because you are only covering the contents of the residence instead of the actual dwelling itself.

What  Car  Insurance  Rating  Am  I?
Your car insurance rating could be referring to the level of risk you are in the eyes of the carrier. If you have a clean driving record, are married and drive less than 10,000 miles per year, you would tend to have a better "rating." Good credit also helps!

Does  Life  Insurance  Require  A  Medical  Exam?
Most Life Insurance Coverage companies need you to possess a small exam like a requirement of coverage. This exam usually includes taking your height/weight, bloodstream sample, and urine sample along with a couple of background health questions. Following the exam is finished; the liquids are delivered to a lab after which information is submitted towards the carriers underwriting department for consideration. Insurance providers are going to do this to obtain a general picture of methods healthy youre and what type of lifestyle you reside. Individuals also can do No Exam Life Insurance Coverage because of convenience or simply because they haven't seen a physician inside a couple of years. To be eligible for a No Exam coverage, you generally have to answer 7-10 health questions. No exam life insurance coverage has become extremely popular nowadays. Life insurance coverage is one thing that the majority people know they ought to have-but don't. Simply mentioned-people never like taking into consideration the possibility that belongs to them dying. However, lots of people can forgo this miserable thought due to their fascination with their loved ones and also the need to make certain theyre financially secure in case of some tragic event.

What  Are  Non  Qualified  Annuities?
Non-Qualified is a term generally used for non ERISA retirement plans or qualified plans. A life insurance company doesn't manufacture qualified products. Annuities, like life insurance, start out as non-qualified product lines not under the jurisdiction of ERISA. Non-qualified annuity payouts distribute basis tax free, whereas qualified annuity payouts are all taxable, even basis.

What  To  List  On  Renters  Insurance?
If you are asking about itemization (or scheduling) of personal property that is going to vary from carrier to carrier. Typically a renters policy will have a monetary cap for specific categories of property. If an item exceeds the normally provided coverage amount for a single item or if the sum of the items is more than the coverage limits, then you may wish to schedule these items for their valuation to ensure that your are properly covered. Contact a local agent and they can go through the coverages that they have to offer and provide you with the cost associated with them.

How  To  Switch  Car  Insurance  Companies?
It's very easy to switch car insurance companies. First, you should find an experienced online broker ( or perhaps a local agent) that features the best auto insurance prices. They will be able to easily compare prices from top-rated companies. If one of the options improves your coverage and saves you at least 10% in cost, you can apply, with the hel of the broker for a new policy. Of course, do not cancel an existing policy until you are approved.

Would  A  Cat  D  Car  Affect  My  Insurance?
Auto insurance follows a specific car.&nbsp; If you have other cars, adding a Cat D car will probably not affect the policy.&nbsp; Many insurers will not provide physical damage coverage for a Cat D car.&nbsp; Otherwise you should be able to find a company that will insure the car for public liability.

Does  A  Single  Person  Without  Dependents  Need  Life  Insurance?
In some ways, a single person with no dependents needs life insurance more than others, because they may want to make their estate very easy to settle upon their death. Paying funeral costs, disposing of property, and settling bills all take money up front, that life insurance can easily and quickly provide.

How  To  Find  A  Good  Life  Insurance  Agent?
Since you are internet savvy, one good place to find a good life insurance agent is on the internet. Obviously, reading answers by agents on this website will help you find some very good life insurance agents. When you visit life insurance websites, look for icons (such as TRUSTe) that show that the site is secure. Look for testimonials that sound genuine and not canned. You can check to see if the insurance agency, or the agency he/she represents, has complaints against them. Finally, interview agents to see if you are comfortable with sharing your personal information with them, and feel that they are being honest with you. That trust is crucial when purchasing something as sensitive and important as life insurance.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Broken  Computer?
Renters insurance is not designed to cover a broken computer unless the damage is due to a covered peril. If your computer is damaged in a fire, is stolen, a windstorm causes a tree to fall into your house, that type of thing. It is not designed to cover your hard drive crashing or general breakdown due to normal use.

Is  Bat  Removal  Covered  Under  Homeowners  Insurance?
Generally any animal removal is not covered. However, there are MANY different insurance companies, and they all have different rules for coverage, so it is possible but not likely for it to be covered. The best thing would be to call your local insurance specialist and ask if it is covered under your policy. Thank you for asking!

Why  Does  Dave  Ramsey  Hate  Whole  Life  Insurance?
Dave Ramsey feels that you can make more return on your money by putting it into other investments, and just using life insurance for pure death protection. Term insurance is the least expensive form of life insurance because the money all goes to death protection, without any going toward cash value, as you get with whole life. Thus, he advocates term insurance, but with investing your money on the side so that when the term ends, you have money to live on.

How  Do  You  Become  The  Best  Life  Insurance  Agent?
A good life insurance agent has some important characteristics. A good agent is a good listener. A good agent will listen to you and will check with you to make sure that you are fully understood. A good agent communicates clearly to both you and to the insurance company. The agent should explain as completely as possible the details of the policy and patiently answer your questions. The good agent will communicate your information and concerns to the underwriting staff of the insurance company. Underwriters are usually quite conservative. The more that the agent can paint a picture that the underwriter can understand; it is more likely that you will have a good outcome. Finally a good agent offers sound financial advice. A good agent isnt an order taker. A good agent will show you the advantages of alternate approaches to your problem. A good agent will not leave out anything vital to the case and will carefully counsel you as it regards your unique situation. Are there many good life insurance agents? I think that there are, however, they are often in demand and do little to solicit business. You probably need to check with your colleagues and friends and locate that good life insurance agent that they trust.

Does  Life  Insurance  Avoid  Probate?
If the beneficiary is named directly in the life policy, than yes it avoids probate. If the beneficiary is named the estate, then it would pass through probate and most likely be taxed as an asset. Life insurance proceeds almost all of the time are tax free if left to an individual. Lesson is to use a good advisor to set up beneficiaries properly at point of application to have your loved ones avoid unnecessary expenses at your death.

How  Much  Does  Insurance  Cost  For  A  Sports  Car?
The cost of insurance for a sports car will vary, depending on the type of car, who will be driving the vehicle, the state ofoccupancyand other factors. As you may have guessed, a sports car is typically more expensive to insure than a regular compact or SUV. Of course, a sports car is more fun to drive! For specific rates and prices, as brokers, we provide the lowest available prices from top-rated carriers. It's best that you contact an experienced broker or visit their website for specifics that pertain to your situation.

Will  Medicare  Pay  For  Foot  Orthotics?
No, unfortunately, Medicare will not pay for foot orthotics. The only similar item that Medicare will pay for is soft sole inserts for the shoes of persons with diabetes under the Medicare Therapeutic Shoe Bill. These inserts are not the same thing as orthotics. Also, Medicare will pay for an orthotic if it is part of a shoe that is attached to a leg brace and the whole thing is covered by Medicare.

Who  Can  Change  The  Beneficiary  On  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Only the policyowner can change the beneficiary on a life insurance policy. You can call your policy's agent or the carrier directly to find out the current beneficiary structure on the policy. If the policyowner wants to change the beneficiary, they only need to fill out a simple change of beneficiary form and submit it to the carrier - this can only be done while the insured is living, once they have passed away, no changes are allowed and the proceeds will be paid out as cited in the policy. You want to make sure you don't create any tax implications to the proceeds when you make those changes (e.g. violating the "goodman triangle") - you should discuss changes with your policy's agent before making any changes to ensure everything is in good order.

How  Popular  Are  Annuities?
Non-qualified tax deferred annuities are very popular with long term savers or investors that have high tax brackets. Traditional back CD holders like annuities because the interest rates are generally higher than the bank and they dont have to pay taxes until they use the money. Single premium immediate annuities with a life only option are very popular with seniors who desire lifetime income they cant outlive.

How  Do  You  Get  Health  Insurance  With  A  Pre  Existing  Condition?
Can you get health insurance with a pre existing condition? Well the answer used to be complicated base on where you lived as each state approached this issue differently. Some states would provide coverage through guarantee issue and others used a high risk pool and still others let you go without coverage. The ACA changed that at a Federal level so all states now are guaranteed issue states so a person with a pre existing condition should be able to find coverage.

Who  Qualifies  For  Medicare  Under  65?
Anyone who has paid Medicare taxes for at least forty quarters and been on SS Disability for twenty four months qualifies for Medicare. My youngest Medicare client was thirty years old at the time I assisted him. Forty guarters is ten years of working where a person is paying into the Social Security System.

Can  I  Insure  A  Car  That  I  Will  Be  Driving  For  My  Use  Even  Though  I  Am  Not  The  Registrant?
I am not sure what state you are in But In Montana If someone gives you permission to drive you are covered for the liability damage. If you have no insurable interest in the auto you canNot insure the care. Now if you are both living in the same house you both can be on the same policy. Check with yourstate laws. In Many states the insurance follows the car 1st then the driver so If your name is not on the title the title owner is responsible 1st your insurance would be send in the event of and accident.

When  Will  I  Get  Medicare?
Most will be enrolled in Medicare automatically at age 65. If you have coverage under an employer group health plan you should take Part A and postpone enrollment in Part B and Part D. If you are on Social Security disability, and have been receiving SSDI payments for 2 years, you are eligible for Medicare before age 65

Can  You  Not  Have  Homeowners  Insurance?
Yes of course, provided that you do not have a mortgage. If you have a mortgage, then the finance sompany or bank will require you to have Homeowners Insurance as a condition of the loan, and to maintain it without lapse for the life of the loan. If you do not have a mortgage of any kind, then certainly there is no one looking over your shoulder requiring you to have it. In a case like that, should you risk everything you have worked so hard for by not having insurance? My answer is a resounding "NO"!Buy and maintain the insurance and live with peace of mind.

What  Are  Medicare  B  Excess  Charges?
Medicare excess charges are the difference between what your provider charges and what Medicare pays. This could occur if you go to a doctor that does not accept the Medicare assigned reimbursement amount. Example: You go to a doctor who performs a test for which Medicare pays $200 but the Dr charges $300. The excess charge would be $100. However, you can purchase a Medicare Supplement plan which will pay the excess charges.

Approximately  How  Much  Is  Homeowners  Insurance?
If you have a small house in a low hazard area the premium is low. If you have a small house in a high hazard area the premium is high. If you have a mid size home in a low hazard area the premium is moderate. If you have a mid size home in a high hazard area the premium is higher then the small house. If you have a large house in a low hazard area the premium is high. If you have a large house in a high hazard area I hope you have a good income. Without details there is no way to guess at a rate for any home in any given area.

How  To  Compare  Health  Insurance  Rates?
The best way to compare health insurance rates is to utilize an experienced broker that also has a top-rated and reliable website. You will save frustration, time and money by allowing a professional search, compare and present to you the best individual and family healthcare options in your area. That's our job (as experienced brokers), and by understanding new legislation, how Exchanges work, and how to maximize the federal subsidy, a consumer can be assured of receiving the best pricing and service.

What  Is  Guaranteed  Level  Term  Life  Insurance?
When a policy is designed to be "Guaranteed Level Term" it means that the premium that you pay for the coverage provided will remain the same for a specific time certain, guaranteed. Thes policies are usually offered in increments of 10, 15, 20 and 30 year terms meaning that the premiums are guaranteed to remain the same for the nomber of years you buy regardless of your increased age or any changes in your health. That having been said, at the end of that guaranteed term your premiums would more than likely substantially increase and would continue to do so as long as you maintain the policy in force.

What's  Similar  Between  401K  And  Roth  IRA?
The similarity between a Roth IRA and a 401(k) plan is that they are both qualified retirement plans. The Internal Revenue Service has issued regulations on both and they appear in the Code. The number 401(k) is the code section that permits that specific type of retirement program. In both programs the income tax on earnings from money held in the program is tax-deferred, meaning that there isnt any income tax on the earnings in the current year. A Roth IRA is an individual plan. You own the plan. The money that you put into the plan is made with money that has already been taxed. You dont need to be the employee of a particular company to have a Roth IRA. There isnt any tax current tax deduction for the deposit. You can have a Roth IRA even if you have a retirement plan elsewhere. As a plan owner you select where the funds are to be invested, within limits. There are adjusted gross income limits to participation so check with your advisor if you have relatively high income. A non-working spouse can have a Roth IRA. A 401(k) is an employer sponsored plan. Your employer sets up the plan and either administers the plan directly or uses a third party administrator to maintain the plan. Under most circumstances the employer states clearly who can participate in the plan. The money contributed to the plan is normally deducted from your paycheck before income tax is withheld. That is because that money is tax-deferred. There wont be any current income tax on that money. Sometimes employers will match some of the money contributed as an incentive. Particularly when the employer contributes to the plan there will probably be a vesting schedule. That means that the money contributed by the employer isnt really yours until you meet a certain criteria for service or participation in the plan. The plan will also stipulate whether in-service withdrawals can be made, and the conditions under which they can be made. During the accumulation phase withdrawals from a 401(k) plan can trigger a taxable event. However, with a Roth IRA if the program has been in place for more than five years and you are older than 59.5, or have become disabled or need the money for a first-time home purchase, there isnt a penalty tax of 10%. You can also use the money for higher education costs. Withdrawals for education prior to your reaching age 59.5 will be subject to income tax even though they are not subject to the additional 10% penalty tax. You can withdraw up to the total of your payments without income tax or the additional 10% penalty tax. Treatment can be different under a 401(k.) The plan itself might not allow in-service withdrawals and income tax and penalty could also be charged. During the accumulation phase the 401(k) plan will offer a limited number of investment options, often including an option to purchase company stock. Those are the only investment options available. However, a Roth IRA can be funded with a variety of investments and changed whenever it is deemed best by you. When you retire with a 401(k) the IRS will require that starting after you reach 70.5 you must make withdrawals every year. These are scheduled in the code. With a 401(k) these withdrawals are treated as ordinary income and are fully taxed. This is not a requirement of your Roth IRA. Withdrawals are not required and when you decide to take them, they are free of income tax if you are over 59.5 years old. You can name a beneficiary with both types of plans; however with the Roth IRA if the plan has been held for more than five years, the funds can pass to an heir tax-free. The key issue is that deposits in a 401(k) are currently not included in your income tax and may be matched by your employer. The contributions to a Roth IRA are made with after-tax dollars. When you retire all of the money in your 401(k) plan will be taxed as withdrawn as ordinary income, however, none of the money from a Roth IRA will be taxed.

Is  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Considered  Health  Insurance?
Health insurance and long term care insurance are both morbidity insurance products (disability insurance as well.) Health insurance pays the medical bills incurred in hospitals, emergency rooms and doctors visits. Long term care insurance pays for extended care whether assisted living (at home) or nursing home confinement.

How  Much  Is  Car  Insurance  In  The  US?
There are many factors that go into determining the auto insurance rates for an individual seeking coverage. Some of the factors used are, geographic location of where the vehicle is garaged, ages of all drivers, types and levels of coverage desired, motor vehicle history of each driver, and vehicle use just to name a few of the main ones. Contact a local agent to discuss your coverage needs and desires to find out more about availablity and pricing.

Why  Does  Suze  Orman  Dislike  Variable  Annuities?
To be fair to Suze, she has online piece called The Truth About Annuities, that outlines her position on annuities and which also addresses variable annuities (VA). While she appears to question the VA expense loads a legitimate gripe as in all investment, she seems to down play the tax deferral feature. Read her piece online to determine her position.

What  Is  Allied  Health  Insurance?
I presume you are asking about Allied NationalHealth Insurance which is a company that provides group health insurance products in a number of states but not all 50 states. Their primary focus has been on the under 100 employee marketplace for group health insurance. They also offer self-funded health insurance plans, limited benefit medical plans, short term medical insurance plans and life and disability insurance plans.

When  Does  A  Whole  Life  Insurance  Policy  Mature?
Throughout the last fifty years whole life insurance has extended its maturity date of its policies several times. One of the old maturity dates from the 1958 CSO tables was age 95 of the policy insured. Today several whole life companies extend their policy maturity dates out to age 120-121.

How  Much  Cash  Value  Would  I  Have  In  A  Whole  Life  Of  10,000  Dollars?
Honestly that depends totally on when you purchased the policy. If you started the contract 20 years ago, you would have more than if you had started it 10 years ago. And of course, ifyou bought it30 years ago, the cash value would be even more.

Does  Medicare  Part  A  And  B  Cover  Eye  Exams?
Routine eye exams are not covered by Medicare Part A or Part B. If you are an inpatient in a hospital, and have an illness or injury to your eye, Part A would cover that exam. If you are treated as an outpatient in the ER, clinic or doctor's office for illness or injury to your eye, Part B will cover at least a portion of the exam.

Where  Can  I  Get  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
You can get Long Term Care Insurance from agents who have a health insurance license. Some Life and Health agents like myself, utilize the services of LTC brokers to help us find the best prices of Long Term Care Insurance from multiple companies to find our clients the lowest price. You can find agents on this website, by searching on the internet, or looking in Yellow Pages. Please do not hesitate to call if you would like me to assist you with this important purchase.

Can  I  Get  Disability  Insurance  In  Nebraska  If  I'm  Pregnant?
Many people want to get Disability Insurance to cover time off for pregnancy and childbirth, in Nebraska and every other state. Unfortunately, the only way to have a normal pregnancy covered is to receive short term disability through your employer, or to purchase it as an individual policy, BEFORE becoming pregnant.

Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Water  In  Basement?
It may be possible, but it depends upon the source of the water and the terms and conditions of your policy. If for example you have suffered water damage because a pipe failed, then in most cases this would be covered. It is common that damage caused by ground water seepage is not covered, however, talk to your insurance professional to see if your insurance company offers an endorsement that provides protection from the failure of a drainage system. Any coverage available through your Homeowners policy would, of course, be subject to your deductible.

What  Makes  A  Good  Retirement  Plan?
A good retirement plan should first start with a commitment to a disciplined deposit schedule, i.e pay your self first. Then you need to develop a a financial profile that includes a risk assessment analysis based on your financial goals and the time to achieve them. If you're in a high tax bracket, you my want to consider a qualified defined contribution plan like an IRA or SEP IRA if your employer doesn't offer a retirement plan. Make sure that the savings and investment products are suitable for your financial profile and risk tolerance.

Is  Life  Insurance  Cash  Value  Protected  From  Creditors?
Whether life insurance cash value is protected from creditors depends on what state the policyholder resides in. In the state of our home office (Arizona), 100% of the cash value of life insurance is protected from creditors when the policy has been in existence over two years and the beneficiary is a family dependent. In my home state of Nebraska, only $100,000 of the cash value is exempt.

What  Does  Dwelling  Mean  In  Home  Insurance?
Dwelling is the building or structure you are insuring. Agents determine the dwelling value based on the cost to rebuild your home. In order to get Replacement Cost coverage you have to insure your house for 100% of the Replacement Cost (the amount it would cost the insurance company to rebuild your home.). Other lines of coverages are percentages of the dwelling value. For example, if your home is insured for $500,000 you would have 70% for contents coverage or $350,000 and 10% for other structures or $50,000.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Water  Damage  From  Plumbing?
If you have an Ho-2 (or higher) policy it will cover water damage from a pipe burst in the home. Oddly enough, it will not cover the damage to the pipe itself. For coverage to apply it must be a sudden, unforeseen occurrence. Of course all property losses are subject to your policy deductible.

Why  Does  Car  Insurance  Cost  So  Much  In  Arizona?
Insurance prices in general are a function of a multitude of factors. However, when referring to Arizona auto insurance prices in specific, you'll notice that prices have risen over the past few years. Here are a few of the reasons why: A high percentage of uninsuredand underinsured drivers, a significantly higher cost to pay for medical and litagation related expenses, more vehicles on the road leading to more auto accidents,increaesd value of vehicles, increased cost to repair and replace vehicles and an increasing amount of fraudulant claims. When determining if you should lower your insurance coveragesto offset rising pricesplease consult a professional insurance agent! Joel Guilbert Liberty Mutual Insurance 480-685-7309

What  Is  An  Incident  Of  Ownership  Of  Life  Insurance?
An incident of ownership of life insurance is the right of the person holding that title to: Change the beneficiary of the policy Transfer the ownership of the policy Borrow from the policy Use the collateral of the policy for a loan Modify the policy Terminate the policy When someone has an incident of ownership in life insurance, the proceeds from the policy can be counted as part of the estate. Some people transfer ownership of their life insurance policies to an Irrevocable Life Insurance Trust to avoid estate taxes.

Is  Kaiser  Permanente  Medicare  Insurance?
Kaiser Permanente does offer Medicare Advantage plans in some areas. The Kaiser Permanente model is an HMO. When you have a Medicare Advantage HMO plan you have a limited network and must use their doctors and approved hospitals. If you receive treatment out of network, you are responsible for those charges (except in an emergency). Kaiser Advantage plans are good as long as you understand how they work and the ares where you have no coverage.

How  Much  Auto  Insurance  To  Buy?
When asked how much auto insurance to purchase we are generally talking about liability. One of the things you need to look at are your assets. Are you a homeowner for example. Do you have a well paying job. These are the things lawyers are going to look at if you injury or cause property damage to another party. If you do not carry high enough limits for your insurance company to pay for a potential large loss you risk being sued for the difference. I recommoned you carry the highest liability limits you can afford to protected your assets.

How  Much  Does  An  Auto  Insurance  Agent  Make?
Great question! The best answer I can give you is : that depends upon the agent. Most insurance agents are paid on commission, meaning they get paid based upon what they sell. The individual company may or may not provide some form of salary, or provide benefits, but the bulk of the agent's income will come from his or her efforts at getting the product sold. If the agent is not motivated to work hard , the income is lower than one who is more motivated. I think that is why some people look at insurance agents like they are "used car salesmen" ( no disrespect to used car salesmen intended) as some of them use the same high pressure tactics to make their sale. There are a great number of agents out there that do not act that way, and I am sure that you will find one. If I can help further, please contact me, I'll be happy to help. Thanks for asking!

What  Do  I  Need  To  Apply  For  Car  Insurance?
To apply and purchase auto insurance, you will need to provide your name, address, types of cars you own, other family members and some driving information. Experienced brokers (it's our job) will shop and compare the best rates for you and show you the cheapest options. At that point, it's up to you whether you care to apply.

What  Do  You  Need  For  Renters  Insurance?
You need to know what level of coverage you are looking for and some information about the building and neighborhood. To get a proper quote, you will need to know what year the building was built, the number of units in the building, if there is a sprinkler system or alarm system, at minimum. You will also need to know the distance of the closest fire department and fire hydrant.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Dry  Rot?
Dry rot would not typically be covered under a homeowners policy. This would normally be considered a maintenance issue for the homeowner. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

What  Is  Part  D  Of  Medicare?
Part D of Medicare are your stand alone prescription drug plans. These are sold through private insurance companies and are generally paired with Original Medicare (Parts A & B) or Original Medicare and a Medicare Supplement (Medigap) plan. They cannot be sold with a Part C Medicare Advantage plan - if you have a MA plan, you would have to get an MAPD plan if you want drug coverage.

What  Is  Disability  Health  Insurance?
In the United States, Disability Insurance and Health Insurance are two different products. Health Insurance pays for the cost of health care, while Disability Insurance pays the insured person cash to replace some of the income lost by becoming disabled. The dollar benefits of health insurance are based on the cost of the care, whereas the dollar benefits of disability insurance are based on the income the insured person was making before he/she got injured or ill.

Is  It  Smart  To  Buy  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
It is usually smart to buy Long Term Care Insurance if you have assets to protect and can afford the premium for Long Term Care Insurance. It is not smart to buy Long Term Care Insurance if paying the premium would be an extreme hardship, and if you have so few assets that Medicaid would pay your long term care expenses within a very short time.

What  Does  It  Mean  For  A  Retirement  Plan  To  Vest?
It means that you'll receive whatever full benefit you have accumulated or qualified to receive. The opposite of vesting would be forfeiture. In other words, if you are not fully vested under a plan you will forfeit certain benefits (and in some cases all benefits) if you terminate from the plan. Vesting a process that takes place over time and is used to encourage employees to stay in the plan (i.e. stay with the company). Conversely it can also be used somewhat nefariously as a way to prevent payment of certain benefits, or to prevent the obligation of paying certain benefits to shorter term employees. Vesting as a practice is guided by rules set forth by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA). ERISA also requires full automatic vesting for any employee who has reached his or her "normal" retirement age, defined in the United States as the age at which you become qualified for full Social Security retirement income benefits. This automatic vesting happens regardless of years served as per normal vesting schedules.

Who  Has  To  Offer  Health  Insurance?
As of today no one has to offer health insurance! That will change on January 1, 2015 when employers with 100 or more employees will have to offer health insurance to their employees or pay a penalty (tax). The Affordable Care Act (ACA) requires employers to offer health insurance to employees and dependents that are children but does not require employers to offer health insurance to spouses of employees. On January 1, 2016 employers with 50-99 employers will be required to offer health insurance.

Can  I  Get  Auto  Insurance  Quotes  Without  A  Car?
If you are considering the purchase of a car, then it is a good idea to receive a quote for insuring that car as part of your purchase consideration. In order to register a car, it is necessary in most states to be able to show proof of insurance as part of the registration requirements.

How  To  Make  A  Claim  For  Renters  Insurance?
Call your Agent. If you don't have an agent...get one! He/she will be much more helpful in the claims process than calling an 1-800 number. Regardless of who you call, you should tell the person you speak with what you are making a claim on and someone should be in touch with you to verify information and get the process started.

What  Type  Of  Auto  Insurance  Is  Required  By  Law  In  Florida?
In the state of Florida you must have liability coverage of at least $10,000 per incident and $20,000 maximum with $10,000 in personal property. These are the required minimums for the state of Florida. If you have a loan on the care you cover, your bank will also require comprehensive (collision) insurance as well.

Can  You  Change  Auto  Insurance  At  Any  Time?
You can, yes, but be sure to check with your Insurance Professional to understand how changing at different times can either benefit or potentially harm you. Some companies impose a cancellation fee if the policy is cancelled mid term so if you are doing it to save money, that fee may wipe out any theoretical savings.

Why  Is  Life  Insurance  Important  In  Financial  Planning?
Financial Planning is all about understanding what it will take to meet your financial goals now and into the future looking at all possible events that are controllable and unexpected. Life Insurance is a great tool to use which provides cash liquidity for lost income, paying estate taxes, providing tax-free income and more. How do you want your family taken care of when, not if you die, especially prematurely? Life Insurance provides a benefit for pennies on the dollar for the benefit you will get in return. The expected events include weddings, vacations, new cars or other toys, etc. The unexpected are the market corrections that take away potential future income through retirement, health issues, kids and family support to just name a few. I hope this provides a "nutshell" approach to why Life Insurance is important and should be considered in Financial Planning.

Can  I  Put  My  Car  Insurance  In  Someone  Else's  Name?
Generally speaking, if you own your car and it is registered to you in your home staate, then the answer is probably no, you can not. Most states require proof of liability insurance in order to register a car and the name onthe policy needs to match the registration records for that car.

Does  SIPC  Cover  Fixed  Annuities?
SPIC does not cover fixed annuities. Annuities contracts are only as good as the insurance company that issued the annuity policy.There are several rating services that monitor the claims paying ability and/or financial strength of an insurance company. Due care and buyer beware are on the onus of the recommendation of the adviser.

Does  Cigna  Health  Insurance  Cover  Hearing  Aids?
Cigna health insurance plans normally cover at least a portion of the cost of hearing aids. Severe hearing loss is a health issue. There are different kinds of hearing loss and different kinds of hearing aids. Most health insurance plans have limits on the amount they will pay toward the cost of a hearing aid. Approved claims must meet specified standards for the degree of hearing loss.

Will  Mayo  Clinic  Take  Medicare?
Mayo Clinic does take Medicare, however, Mayo Clinic does not accept assignment from Medicare for professional and physician services. Medicare does accept assignment for Mayo Clinic Hospital Facility charges. Therefore, if you are not receiving inpatient services, you will owe a small part of your payment to Mayo Clinic out of pocket.

When  Are  Annuities  A  Good  Idea?
Non-qualified annuities that are annuitized for the life of the annuitant guarantee life time income based on the annuitants life no matter how long the annuitant lives. Part of the annuitized payment is return of basis (tax free) amortized to life expectancy with some of the gain as well. When the basis is exhausted then the payment is entirely gain and taxable as ordinary income. That can be a good idea. But product suitability is very important and one of the items of suitability is a establishing a risk tolerance assessment. Non-qualified deferred annuities have three basic crediting methods: fixed interest rate crediting in an annuity, indice crediting in index annuity and crediting or sometimes debiting in separate sub accounts in variable annuities. Was you determine which crediting method fits your risk tolerance, then you should decide how long your annuity position should be and does the policy have any benefits for maintaining it in force.

Is  Medicare  Enrollment  Mandatory?
If you have worked and paid into the system Medicare enrollment is automatic. You would already have paid for part A with your taxes. You can opt out of Part B but unless you have group coverage I would highly discourage it. Even if you currently have no health problems, if you enroll in Part B after your initial eligibility period you will have a penalty tacked on to your Part B premium that could be substantial depending on the length of time you went without Part B coverage.

When  Is  The  Best  Time  To  Get  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
The best time to secure long term care insurance is when youre young and healthy, especially if you have a family history of chronic illness or nursing home confinement. Most advisers begin addressing long term care insurance with their clients and prospects around age 50. But in reality, most pre retirees purchase long term care insurance in their early 60s.

Where  To  Purchase  Annuities?
That is a great question! Since annuities are a form of insurance, you can purchase them from any reputable insurance company. You should look to companies that are well rated by Standard & Poors, or A.M.Best, and please be sure that your agent explains everything in detail until you understand it, before you purchase anything, okay? Thanks for asking!

What  Triggers  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Tax Qualified (TQ) Long Term Care policies require that you are unable to perform 2 out of 6 Activities of Daily Living (ADL's) without substantial assistance. The ADL's listed do not include ambulating. There must be the expectation that you will be unable to regain the ability to perform those ADL's independently within the next 90 days. OR you must need assistance due to a cognitive impairment that is expected to last over 90 days. TQ policies do not include "medical necessity" as a trigger. That means that a doctor's opinion that you need long term care will not suffice to trigger the benefits. Each LTCI policy has its own triggers, so be sure to read them over carefully when selecting your policy.

What  Is  An  Average  Car  Insurance  Payment?
Auto insurance rates vary from individual to individual, area to area, and vehicle to vehicle. To provide a number and call it the average car insurance payment would be extremely difficult due to the number of variables that are used to determine your rate in the first place. Contact a local agent in your area, I am certain that they would be willing to provide you with a quote for your insurance coverage at no cost to you.

How  Do  You  Qualify  For  Disability  Insurance?
You qualify for Disability Insurance by applying for a policy, just like you would for Life Insurance. You fill out an application and take a paramed exam in your home or other location of your choice. Not only do the DI underwriters look at your health, but they also take into consideration the nature or your job and the amount of income you make. Then they determine a rating based on the likelihood of your becoming disabled due to illness or injury, and how much Disability Insurance you can get based on your income. If your health disqualifies you, you may still be able to get a Disability Insurance policy with an exclusion, or get a graded DI policy.

When  Is  Medicare  The  Primary  Payer?
If your only health insurance plan is Medicare, then Medicare is primary. When you have a Medicare supplement plan, Medicare is primary and your Medigap plan is secondary. If you have coverage under an employer group health insurance plan, and the employer has fewer than 20 employees, Medicare is primary. If there are 20 or more employees, the group plan is primary and Medicare is secondary.

Does  Whole  Life  Insurance  Pay  For  Itself?
Yes, whole life insurance can pay for itself at a point if set up properly. There are 3 ways to set premiums for a whole life plan. They are minimum premium to keep it in force, target premium to have full use out of the cash value and maximum premium which keeps the policy from becoming a modified endowment contracts. So if your whole life is set at target premium, at some point you will have enough cash value to have "paid up" life insurance for your life span. Whole life policies can be tricky, I recommend using a trusted life insurance broker to avoid common mistakes.

What  Are  The  Pros  And  Cons  Of  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
The cons of owning long term care insurance are actually singular in nature if you can qualify for a healthy classification, the possibility of never using it. The statistics seem to suggest that senior couples will spend $250,000 in medical and extended care throughout their retirement. If those adds are correct, the pros of owning a long term care insurance policy is having those cost paid by the insurance company.

What  Is  Medicare  Plan  F?
Medicare SUPPLEMENT plan F is a Medigap plan with very rich benefits. Essentially all Medicare approved Part A and Part B expenses that are not paid due to deductibles and coinsurance are covered in full by Medicare supplement plan F. Plan F is the most popular, most oversold and most expensive Medigap plan on the market.

What  Does  Covered  By  A  Retirement  Plan  At  Work  Mean?
Employers can establish a retirement plan for employees of their businesses. The plan must meet legal requirements including being published. A covered employee is one who can participate in the plan. Any money that you contribute to the plan is always available to you. A vested employee is one who has an interest in the money contributed by the employer.

Is  Critical  Illness  Insurance  The  Same  As  PPI?
Critical Illness Insurance is not the same as PPI, or Payment Protection Insurance. Critical Illness Insurance pays a cash benefit to the person insured by the policy, when the insured person is diagnosed with a serious disease listed in the policy. The cash benefit can be used as the insured person wishes. PPI payments are triggered when the insured person is unable to work due to job loss. The inability to work may be due to illness or other reasons. The payments go to repay a lender who is carrying a mortgage or large loan for the insured person.

Does  Obama  Care  Require  Employers  To  Provide  Health  Insurance?
Employers with 50 or more full time employees are required to provide a government approved plan for their workers. Smaller employers (fewer than 50 full time) are not required to offer health insurance and many may not. Failure to comply with the employer mandate will result in fines (taxes) levied on the employer.

How  Auto  Insurance  Premiums  Are  Calculated?
This calculation is based upon state law. In California the rate is based upon where the car is located, how many miles it drives each year, the use of the vehicle, the year, make and model of the vehicle and the driving record of the members of the household.

Is  Mortgage  Life  Insurance  PPI?
If PPI means personal property insurance then no it is not mortgage life insurance. Life Insurance for mortgages is simply a life policy which the death benefit is equal to your mortgage amount. In the past, this life insurance which was a term product also decreased the benefit which would be close to what your balance is as you pay off the mortgage. Today, you can get a level benefit for the same cost. If you were to die before the mortgage was paid off the benefit goes to pay the remaining balance. On a decreasing term, that did not leave much left for your spouse unless you had another policy. With the level benefit, whatever is left after the balance is paid off would go to your heirs.

Who  Has  The  Best  Renters  Insurance  Rates?
Stillwater Insurance Company has the Best Renters Insurance Rates in most States and most geographic areas. PersonalProperty coverage is available up to $300,000, the minimum available limit of personal property is $10,000 for all states, with exception to CA and NM where it is $15,000 and FL where the minimum limit is $25,000. Live in partners, such as a boy-friend/girl-friend, areaccepted on the same policy and both partners may be listed as Named or AdditionalNamed Insured. Two immediate family memberts (adult siblings or parent/adult child) are accepted on the same policy; if more than two reside in the household, each would need their own policy. Spouses on one policy are always acceptable, but each adult child would need their own policy. Townhomes/Condos that are located over a store/commercial location/business are allowed. Actual business foot-traffic in the insured property is not allowed. AProperty Management Company of a home or apartment complex may be added as a Certificateholder under the additional interest option on the policy. There is a link providing an online format to obtain a quote and buy renters insurance online in multiple States; may be useddirectly by Consumers. An exemplary online experience for all! WEBSITELINK

When  Can  I  Take  A  Loan  From  My  401K?
Loan provisions under a 401(K) plan are subject to the plan approved by your employer. That plan must comply with ERISA, a federal regulation. The decision as to when you can borrow against your 401(k) has been made by your employer and that includes the conditions under which a loan will be allowed. There is also a vesting schedule if the employer is contributing to the 401(k). Check with your HR representative.

What  Is  Private  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Private long term care insurance is coverage that you purchase yourself. It is available from a handful of carriers although the pool of companies is shrinking. In recent years, some major companies have stopped offering new plans although they continue to service existing business. A full-time financial planner or broker is your best resource for learning about the different benefits offered and how to properly shop.

How  Does  Premium  Financed  Life  Insurance  Work?
Generally, high net worth individuals with liquid cash reserves and a high credit score investigate bank loaned premiums or premium financing. The banking institution may require a personal guaranteed beside the collateralization of the policy cash values. The leverage of borrowing premiums depends on the bank interest charge and the performance of the policy.

Why  Does  Life  Insurance  Underwriting  Take  So  Long?
One other factor you need to be aware of is the potential back log of applications underwriters are have to process. If your application needed additional information such as those listed in the previous comments, then your application may go to the bottom of the pile and have to work it's way up to get looked at again. Be sure your agent is the squeaky wheel as sometimes the applications are missed and just sit there. The only error here is that we are all human. Typical turnaround time to plan on is 2-4 weeks depending on the type of insurance you are applying for.

How  Much  Is  Medicare  Part  D  For  2013?
It depends on the plan in your area. United HealthCare has a PDP for $15 / month I have seen some over $50 per month. Don't go by price alone however. You need to base the plan you select on what drugs you take and whether or not they are in the plan formulary. Every Formulary is different. Premium is just one factor. Go to Medicare.gov and you can put your prescriptions into the system and find out which plan is right for you. If you have problems doing this I can help over the phone or you can consult a local agent certified to do Medicare plans.

What  Are  Disability  Insurance  Coverage  Characteristics?
The important factors that will play a large role in both the cost of a DI policy and how meaningful the benefit will be to a individual are; The benefit amount, the elimination period, the duration of the benefit period, and the way in which the policy defines a disability. The benefit amount, the recurring monthly income your disability policy pays you while you are injured, represents the most important aspect of the coverage. Laws in most states limit disability insurance benefits to two-thirds of your current gross income. While most people select the maximum available benefit, you can choose lower amounts if your personal cash reserves are sufficient to supplement disability income payments. After you meet the criteria and are eligible to begin receiving income from your disability insurance policy, the length of time you must wait before payments begin is called the elimination period. Most major insurance carriers offer the same standard elimination periods ranging from one month to one year. Longer periods result in lower policy premiums. Once you begin receiving payments from your disability policy, they will continue until you are no longer disabled or your benefits have been exhausted. Disability insurance policies with maximum benefit periods of two years or less are classified as short-term disability products. If you own a short-term policy, payments will continue every month but will cease after two consecutive years. Policies with maximum benefit periods beyond two years are classified as long-term disability products. The most common benefit period choices for long-term policies are three years, five years, ten years or until age 65. Every insurance company has its own formal definition of a disability, and benefit payments will not start unless your status falls within these guidelines. Some companies define disability as an inability to perform any gainful income-producing work at all. Collecting benefits under policies purchased from these carriers often presents a significant challenge. Thankfully, a large percentage of carriers consider you disabled if you are unable to perform the substantial duties of your own current employment position, a policy feature commonly referred to as "own occupation." If your injury prevents you from adequately fulfilling the requirements of your current job, you are eligible to begin collecting benefits after the expiry of the elimination period.

How  To  Calculate  Group  Life  Insurance?
If you are referring to imputed income as it relates to group life insurance, you can find a calculator for that factor at this website: WEBSITELINK That will tell you what part of the group life insurance policy you will be taxed on.

What  Determines  Insurance  Rates  On  A  Car?
There are many factors that determine your auto insurance premium. Some of the major factors are: the ages of the drivers to be covered by the policy, the year, make, model of the vehicles to be covered by the policy, the amount of coverage being sought, the garaging zip code of the vehicles, and the motor vehicle records of the drivers to be covered just to name a few.

Is  Water  Damage  Covered  By  Home  Insurance?
It depends on the origin and cause of the water. A distinction has to be made between flooding and water damage. A flood is usually caused by external water rising, usually from heavy rain or a river overflowing. Flood is not covered by most homeowner policies. Water damage is generally defined as water hitting your home before touching the outside ground. It can originate from a roof leaf or a broken pipe and is usually covered by homeowners insurance.

What's  The  Purpose  Of  Life  Insurance?
The purpose of life insurance is providing economic protection again losses resulting from chance happenings like illness, accident or death. It provides peace of mind by providing a practical solution to economic uncertainties and losses. Life Insurance specifically replaces the uncertainties of risk with guarantees, and promises to replace the unknown with a sense of security.

What  Is  The  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Long Term Care Insurance is insurance that would pay for your care if you had to go to a nursing home or hire other types of assistance, because you were unable to care for yourself. Long Term Care (LTC) policies of the past would only pay the benefit if the insured person had to go to a nursing home. But LTC polcies now can be purchased that would pay for someone to come into your home to care for you, or for you to attend Adult Day Care while the child you were living with was at work. LTC insurance also protects your assets from being liquidated to pay for long term care costs.

Does  The  Medicare  Levy  Apply  To  Me?
There are two, or possibly three, types of Medicare levy or surcharge that may apply. Medicare Part B will assess a surcharge on your Part B premium if your earnings exceed a threshold as determined by Congress. There is also a late enrollment penalty for Part B if you fail to sign up on a timely basis. A third kind of levy is on Part D if you do not sign up for D when you are first eligible.

How  To  Cash  In  Life  Insurance  Policy  After  Death?
When the insured of a life insurance policy dies, the primary beneficiary(ies) of the policy can make a claim on the death benefit. To file a claim, the carrier will generally require a claim form and a copy of the death certificate of the insured before they can pay the proceeds of the policy - some carriers may have additional requirements, varies by company. The beneficiary will generally have a couple of options on how to receive the benefits including being delivered a check for the amount or the carrier setting up a savings account with the proceeds for you to withdraw from at your leisure. Please feel free to contact me for help. Thanksverymuch.

What  Will  Term  Life  Insurance  Pay  For?
Term Life Insurance will pay a death benefit upon the insured person's death that goes to the beneficiary or beneficiaries named in the policy. These beneficiaries can use the death benefit as they desire. If the beneficiary is a trust, the trust will specify how to use the death benefit. There is no cash value in Term life insurance, so a Term policy will only pay after the insured person passes away. An exception is if there is a rider or feature of the policy that allows part of the death benefit to be used while still alive. This access to some of the death benefit while still alive can be triggered by diagnosis of a terminal illness, chronic illness or critical illness, depending on the policy.

What  Is  Prudential  Annuities?
Prudential Annuities is a division of Prudential Financial, Inc. Prudential offers numerous annuities to choose from : fixed annuities,immediate income annuities,variable annuities, market adjusted annuities etc .Having so many choices, I recommend you contact an agency that offers Prudential products to discuss the annuity that best suits your specific needs...

How  To  Change  Ownership  Of  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
To change ownership of a life insurance policy just requires a simple form. You can call or email the customer service department of the life insurance company through which your policy is held, or contact the agent who sold it to you. The original owner will have to sign the change of ownership form.

When  Is  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Worth  It?
Long-term care is worth it when 1. A person is capable of affording to pay the premium for at least a base policy. There is no sense buying a long-term care policy only to have to let it go later because one cannot afford it anymore. 2. Assets that are targeted for moving to the next generation need protection against the high cost ofprolonged end-of-life care. 3.There is a family history of dementia or Alzheimer's disease, or other debilitating ailment that might be genetically transmitted. 4. One does not want to be a financial, emotional, or psychological burden to their spouse or adult children. 5. Quality of care is an issue. 6. Staying at home for as long as possible if one becomes chronically ill instead of having to go into a care facility is important. 7. Adult children are willing to pay premiums for a long-term care policy for their parents. Probability statistics are not entirely reliable because we really don't know what new medical procedures or accommodations may come along in the future that would change the current situation regarding long-term care. But, the best guess I've seen justified is that about 1 in 6 will need about 2 years of care to perform daily activities before they die. The cost for that in todays dollars depends on where one lives and how long family members can last taking care of a seriously disabled elderly person before they need skilled help.

Can  You  Take  Money  Out  Of  Your  Retirement  Plan?
Most qualified retirement plans allow plan participants to borrow money from their accounts.The plan generally charges interest and a scheduled loan pay back arrangement. Outstanding loans can hinder transfers to another plan or trigger an ordinary income taxable event at termination. Tapping qualified retirement plans should be last on your list of financial resources in times of need.

How  Do  I  Sign  Up  For  Health  Insurance?
Through and independent agent would be best option but you can sign up online through different companies. However this option may not be available till November 15th when open enrollment starts again unless you have qualifying life event such as loss of group coverage, birth of new baby, adoption, divorce etc.

How  Much  Will  My  Life  Insurance  Be  Worth?
Your death benefit could be growing with paid up additions via dividends in whole life insurance or with current assumption universal life with an increasing death option. Life insurance as a cash value asset depends on the returns of the crediting method: interest rates, indices and separate sub account performance.

Can  I  Cancel  My  Auto  Insurance  And  Change  Carriers  Anytime?
Most likely you can cancel your existing policy. However, some insurance carriers impose midterm cancellation fees, which you may be found responsible for. Also, make sure you cancel the existing policy with the date of the replacement policy became effective on. Your prior insurance carrier will pro-rate your policy and refund you with unearned premium. If you are on a monthly billing, as a result of the pro-rate you may be billed for an additional premium. Remember, that insurance carrier may audit your exposures up to 3 years in the past.

Can  People  With  Ms  Get  Health  Insurance?
I'll answer your question accurately, and quickly. If you have MS, you can easily purchase health insurance. You will not be asked medical questions during Open Enrollment and no physical will be required. A federal subsidy could substantially reduce your rate. As an experienced broker, this questions is commonly asked by our customers. Obtaining the lowest rate with the best coverage is a goal you can achieve. LIVE answer provided by: Ed Harris - Premier health insurance broker with more than 33 years of experience and owner of several top-ranked websites that provide the lowest rates.

Are  Health  Insurance  Premiums  Tax  Deductible  In  Illinois?
They can be but it all depends on how you are filed with the state. Your best bet is to speak with an accountant regarding the viability of deducting these premiums. As an LLC filing as an S corp, for instance, the cost of your health insurance premiums is listed on your W2 as income thus it is not deductible in that scenario.

Can  I  Add  My  Girlfriend  To  My  Auto  Insurance  Policy?
Insurance follows the car. You can add any member of your household to your policy. You can loan your car to anyone you please. If your girlfriend didn't live with you and was in an accident while operating your car with your permission, she would be covered to the limits of your policy.

When  Is  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Needed?
Long Term Care insurance is needed when someone has assets to be protected, and when someone wants to make their own decisions about their care if they should need long term assistance for daily living. Without long term care insurance, the individual and their family are left to foot tremendous bills, if such care is needed. If assets run out and Medicaid is used, the choices for care are limited. Having long term care that will allow someone to spend the benefit as they wish protects assets and allows some independence even at a time of loss.

Does  My  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Theft?
It is always best to check in with your Insurance Professional to discuss the specific terms and conditions of your policy, but you will find that in most cases, yes, your Homeowners' policy will include coverage for loss due to theft. In many cases theft of items directly from your home may be covered differently than from away your home. For theft away from your home, you may find that the policy limits total coverage to about 10% of the stated personal property coverage listed on your policy. There may also be stated "inside limits" to coverage for certain items such as computers, jewelry, firearms etc. Talk to your insurance professional about insuring your valuable items specifically for their appraised value for broader protection.

Does  State  Farm  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Earthquake  Damage?
I don't happen to represent State Farm, however, you will find that damage caused by earth movement will tend to be a very common exclusion in Homeowners' Insurance policies. My advice would be to talk directly to a State Farm Insurance Professional about the specific terms and conditions of their policy. In most cases, I suspect, you will be able to have that coverage endorsed.

Can  You  Borrow  From  Annuities?
Annuities technically have no loan provisions. Any withdrawals are subject to taxes and penalties if you withdraw before 59 . You can however collateralize your annuity for a bank loan if it makes economic sense. Annuities may also have surrender charges that could restrict the amount you attempting to access. Annuities should not be bought if cash liquidity may turn out to be an issue.

I  have  a  65  Extra  Ordinary  Life  policy  with  NWML.  I  assume  that  sometime  before  or  after  I  would  convert  this  to  an  annuity  to  receive  quarterly  premiums.  Is  this  correct?
That is a great question! It's really one that you should ask your agent, because I'm a little hazy on what you are wanting to do. You aren't going to be able to convert your life insurance policy into an annuity, so that part of your question is no, you won't convert it at all. As for the receiving of premiums, Companies pay premiums ( or don't) at their choosing. They determine the amount to be paid, if any, and usually at a set time during their fiscal year they make that payment. I believe NWML pays once a year, but I may be wrong, I've never asked them ( I have policies from them that my Dad bought way back when) I just appreciate seeing them on my yearly statement. Please contact your agent, and have them explain your policy a little better to you. I hope that helps, thanks for asking!

What  Are  Some  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Disadvantages?
The main disadvantage is never using the policy benefits, with no one to recoup the paid premiums. But remember you may never see the inside of a nursing home, but most seniors using elder care use assisted living at home, so the downside isn't so bad because most long term care insurance allows for in home care.

Who  Invented  Life  Insurance?
There is a bit of debate here, but most assign the first operational actuarial life expectancy table to the famed astronomer, Sir Edmund Halley of Halley comet fame. But Sir Edmund was also a brilliant mathematician and the basis of his actuarial table, as crude as it may appear today, is still the basic foundation for ultimately pricing life insurance itself.

What  Life  Insurance  Do  I  Really  Need?
As you can see by this website and others, there are many opinions on what a nameless, faceless life insurance consumer really needs. That is because no one knows unless they know your unique situation (health, age, reason for insurance), budget, and desires. But after writing thousands of policies, it is surprising how quickly some agents can boil down some great choices for you, that you may have never thought about. Talk to someone you trust, either by reading reviews or getting referrals. You may find the quest for life insurance is not as complicated as you think.

Why  Do  I  Have  To  Pay  The  Medicare  Levy?
If you sign up late for Medicare Part B or Part D, or if your income is considered excessive, it is your patriotic duty to pay more so those who have less can enjoy the fruits of your hard work. This is all part of a grand wealth redistribution plan.

What  Is  Medical  Expense  Coverage  In  Auto  Insurance?
Medical Expense, sometimes also called Personal Injury Protection (PIP) provides coverage for you and your resident family members should you be injured in an incident while in a car or caused by one. In some states, this coverage is a requirement, while in others it is voluntary. If you have it, and if injured, then the claim must be opened with your auto carrier for handling first. Any excess may then be claimed under your Health Insurance policy.

When  To  Add  Children  To  Auto  Insurance?
The policy requires that all the drivers in the household be identified. In California you do not have to identify someone who has a learners permit. Once the person gets a license the insurer must be notified. Agents will frequently start tracking children after their 14th birthday to make sure that drivers license information is gathered in a timely manner.

Would  My  Insurance  Company  Work  With  Another  Party  In  An  Accident  Without  Even  Contacting  Me?
When your insurance company is notified of a claim they start processing the claim immediately in order to limit the damage. The cost of a claim is often closely tied to the time required to adjust the claim. The adjuster will contact you very soon to get your side of the story. There are some standard rules that they use to determine who the responsible party is and if they cannot agree on this matter with the insurance company of the other party then they will take the case to arbitration to determine fault. During this entire procedure they can and will operate without consulting you. The only type of insurance where the company is required to get the insureds permission for anything is medical malpractice and that is certainly not the case here. The company will always be trying to get the claim closed as quickly as possible.

Is  Building  Insurance  The  Same  As  Home  Insurance?
There are several different property policies. Because commercial policies are complex they are broken into sections. A building policy provides coverage for a commercial building. A homeowners policy is a specialized policy. It combines the property and liability coverages that most homeowners desire in a single policy. This policy saves the homeowner money and provides comprehensive coverage.

Is  It  A  Good  Idea  To  Have  Renters  Insurance?
Renters insurance is an extremely good idea. It typically cost as little as 8/mo. It provides liability coverage in the event that someone is injured in your rental and you deemed resposible. It provides coverage for your personal property up to the limits that you have on the policy and it provides for loss of use in the event of a covered loss. Please read your policy completely to know what coverages there are and what exclusions there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

What  Do  Annuities  Pay?
Non-qualified deferred annuities pay differing guaranteed rates for differing periods similar to CDs rates. Annuity fixed interest rates historically have outperformed CDs fixed interest rates. Rates are always changing, so its important to confirm the rate before purchasing any of these products. One of the leading 5 year fixed annuities is paying 2.95%, the 10 year 3.25%.

Can  I  Rollover  A  Variable  Annuity  To  A  401K?
What you can and cannot do is subject to the rules of the 401(k) plan which was established by your employer. Get a copy of the plan to determine if you can do this. There are always alternatives but basically you want to preserve the tax identity of all retirement funds because there is different treatment in retirement for various sorts of funding.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Lymphedema  Garments?
Officially, Medicare does not cover lymphedema garments. But there is a push to get Medicare to cover lymphedema garments and to pay for the cost of care for persons suffering from lymphedema, whether primary lymphedema (sometimes present already at birth, sometimes developing at puberty or in adulthood), or secondary lymphedema (acquired from surgery or other cause, such as mastectomy).

How  Much  Can  I  Expect  To  Pay  For  Auto  Insurance?
In California car insurance rates are approved by the state Insurance Commissioner. They take into consideration, the driving record of all the members of the household, the type of vehicle to be insured, the use of the vehicle, the annual mileage of the vehicle and where the vehicle is located. An inexperienced driver, with a lousy driving record,driving20,000 miles a yearin a new sportscar who lives in a densely populated area can expect to pay a great deal. Total Words: 82 ay a lot for auto insurance.

Who  Founded  Northwestern  Mutual  Life  Insurance  Company?
NML began as the entrepreneurial vision of "General" John C. Johnston, of Catskill, New York. He moved to Wisconsin in 1854 and started the Mutual Life Insurance Company of the State of Wisconsin in 1957.Samuel Daggett was one of a group of businessmen who acquired the Mutual Life Insurance Company of the State of Wisconsin, moved it from Janesville to Milwaukee, and built it into Northwester Mutual Life Insurance Company in 1959.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Erectile  Dysfunction  Pumps?
Medicare does cover vacuum erection systems (VES), believe it or not, if you have a medical condition. These pumps are recognized as a treatment device for erectile dysfunction. This may change in the future though as there have been reports in the media that Medicare may consider changing the coverage parameters for this type of item or possibly not cover it at all. I would recommend checking with Medicare before buying one if you want to see if it'll be covered. You can always pay for it out-of-pocket though.

How  To  Create  An  Irrevocable  Life  Insurance  Trust?
To create an Irrevocable Life Insurance Trust (ILIT), start by meeting with your attorney to draft the trust. You yourself will not be able to make changes to it later so it is important to set it up correctly. It is also important that you set up an executor or trustee who you trust (the attorney who set it up is also often named trustee). Then transfer Whole Life or Universal Life into the trust with the assistance of both your attorney and life insurance agent. Existing policies can be transferred with a change of policy owner form. New policies are set up with the irrevocable trust as owner. Once the Irrevocable Life Insurance Trust is active, you can visit with the trust executor about your ongoing wishes.

Does  Critical  Illness  Insurance  Cover  MS?
Some Critical Insurance Illness policies do cover MS and some do not. You would need to review the features of your particular Critical Illness policy to see if it covers a diagnosis of Multiple Sclerosis. The MS cannot be a pre-existing condition in order for it to be covered by the policy.

What  Kind  Of  Term  Life  Insurance  Do  I  Need?
what kind of term life do I need? Well, first and foremost you need the convertible kind of term insurance. Why? Because if you miscalculate and have to continue your coverage a convertible policy allows you to purchase a new policy from the company you purchased the term from without having to prove good health. Believe me, this is the most important part of a term policy as it protects you from being wrong about how long you'll need coverage.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Have  To  Be  In  The  Name  Of  The  Owner?
The primary insured is normally the name that is written on the deed. Some insurance companies dont like to name an inter-vivo trust. The name of a natural person would be accepted. The reason these should be the same is to make sure that there is full liability coverage should anyone sue the property owner.

What  Is  A  Modified  Endowment  Life  Insurance?
After June 21, 1988, a modified endowment (life insurance) contract (MEC) set new rules for single deposits into permanent cash value life insurance under TAMRA. After that date, a MEC cash values were treated like an annuity for income tax purposes, but death benefit proceeds (for most scenarios) remained tax free. A new seven pay test was introduced to restrict the over funding of premium in the early years of a policy. Any violations of this rule also creates a MEC.

How  Can  I  Get  Home  Insurance  Online  In  Illinois?
The simple answer is yes. These days, most types of insurance can be purchased online. The process involves a process of collecting information on the insured, the property, including updates, and the past history of claims and or losses. At some point in the process you may need to talk to an agent, to verify and clarify any questions that may arise. Many discountscan beclaimed bycollecting all the information. We all like discounts. Apply online with us at WEBSITELINK

What  Does  Medigap  Cost?
Medigap is health insurance sold by private insurance companies. Each insurance company has it's own set of Medigap premiums. These premiums are usually based on the Medicare recipient's zip code, age and tobacco status. Cost of your premium will also depend on which Medigap Plan benefits you want to buy. The best way to see how much a Medigap Plan will cost is to work with an independent agent who specializes in Medicare Supplement insurance. In just a matter of minutes, we can provide you with the insurance companies and premiums available in your area -- and, not just with the insurance carriers you see online. Once you have quotes tailored to your criteria, you'll know exactly how much Medigap insurance will cost. If I can help you with your specific situation, please feel free to contact me.

Can  You  Suspend  Auto  Insurance?
No. Auto insurance is an all or nothing deal. You either have coverage or you don't. It is possible to cancel an auto insurance policy at almost any point you wish. To suspend coverage would mean that you have paused your coverage (or held) until you are ready to re-instate it and unfortunately that just wouldn't work for many different reasons.

What  Are  The  Different  Types  Of  Renters  Insurance?
There is really only 1 renters policy. However, the coverage included can vary. Some policies are written on an Actual Cash Value basis, where other policies are written on a Full Content Replacement basis. Let me explain the difference. Let's say you went out and bought a brand new TV that cost you $1000 today. Three years from now, it gets damaged and you submit a claim under your Renters policy. On the Actual Cash Value policy, the claim adjuster would look up the make and model of your TV, and find that it is no longer selling for $1000. That model now sells for $400. But the $400 would be for a brand now unit out of the box, where your TV was 3 years old, so they further reduce the claim based on depreciation. You're left with $250 - and you still need to pay your $100 deductible. Not a good day. With Full Contents Replacement coverage, the claims adjuster looks at how much you spent on the TV, not the make and model, and your claim is processed for $1000 (minus your $100 deductible). And since technology has improved over the past three years, you now have the choice to purchase the same TV you had (which is selling for only $400 now remember?) or purchase a better TV with better features than the one that was damaged. Not a bad day at all! Although the Actual Cash Value policy will cost less, you wind up getting less in the end. Remember, just because one policy is cheaper than another, doesn't mean it's a better deal. Always consult with a licensed, professional insurance agent to help determine which policy is best for your needs.

How  Much  Is  Homeowners  Insurance  For  An  Apartment?
That is an excellent question! My advice for you is to find an independent agent (one who isn't tied to a particular brand) an have them look at several policies for you. They can look for one that gets you the coverage and price that you want. Saves you the footwork! Thanks for asking!

Where  Can  I  Use  Medicare?
You can use your Medicare card at any doctors office, any lab, any hospital, anywhere in the United States. There are no networks. Any medical provider that participates in Medicare can be used. You should consider providers that accept assignment. This was you avoid being billed for any excess charges.

How  Do  Deferred  Income  Annuities  Work?
The basic annuity is an immediate annuity. That means within one year of receiving the deposit the insurance company will start paying a lifetime of monthly benefits for the balance of the annuitants life. A deferred annuity means that the income stream will start more than one year after the initial deposit. Most deferred annuities allow owners to make further deposits until they are ready to receive the monthly income payments or surrender the contract for cash. The interest earned on the money deposited does not incur immediate income taxation. It will normally be taxed as ordinary income when benefits start being paid.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Workers?
Yes, it will cover anyone hurt on your property if you are sued. That being said, you should make sure that anyone who does work on your property has there own insurance. A reputable contractor usually is covered by workman's compensation if his employees are hurt while on the job.

Where  Do  You  Get  Renters  Insurance?
You can typically purchase renters insurance through any carrier that handles auto and homeowners insurance. The best place to start to find this sort of coverage is to contact a local agent. They will be able to inform you of the companies and coverages that they have to offer. Don't leave yourself financially exposed get coverage today.

At  What  Age  Does  Life  Insurance  Stop?
Life insurance coverage stops on the expiration date of the policy or your death, whichever occurs first. Setting that expiration date is very important. Actuaries determine the risk of a person of a certain age dying within a certain period. As you grow older that risk increases a great deal. That risk is the basis upon which the expiration date and premium are set.

How  Do  I  Make  A  Retirement  Plan?
Now a days retirement plans, can be started for as little as $600.00 per year, or $50.00 per month.Annuity IRA's can also offer great upside potential, with no downside risk. manynow include income riders, that guarantee an income growth, provided the funds are taken out in a stream of income, rather than a lump sum. Income riders can still be obtained offering as much as 10% simple interest. Growth continues until distributions begin, in most cases. Any distribution taken from a Qualified Fund such as an Individual IRA, are subject to penalties, if withdrawn prior to 59 & 1/2. Speak with your tax adviser on your specifics.

What  Is  Qualified  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Some states offer a partnership program. A qualified Long Term Care policy meets certain qualifications that allows it to be sold as a qualified plan. The advantage is that for every dollar paid out for long term care under your policy, the state will allow you to shelter that amount of assets and still qualify for Medicaid if you policy runs out. This is a huge benefit if you have a home or other assets you want to leave to your family because it helps shelter a good portion of your assets from Medicaid spend down.

Can  I  Get  SR22  Insurance  Without  A  Car?
Keep in mind that an SR22 really isn't insurance at all. It is a state filing that attaches onto auto insurance. For people who do not own vehicles, the SR22 can be attached to either a named operators policy (aka non-owners policy) or a broad form named driver auto insurance policy.

How  Much  Renters  Insurance  Do  I  Need?
What can you lose? The easy part is to figure out what personal property is located in the rental unit. How much will it cost to replace it? Dont forget clothes. The second part is more difficult. You can be sued for bodily injury and property damage that happens in your unit. How much would it take to pay that bill? Those are the two major determinants of the price of a tenants policy. A competent insurance agent will walk you through these questions and then make a recommendation.

Does  Owning  A  Trampoline  Affect  Home  Insurance?
Many companies refuse to issue a homeowners policy when there is a trampoline on the property. The trampoline is clearly identified as a hazard. Regardless of mechanisms to make them safe, there is still a high incidence of claims involving a trampoline. Companies that will insure a home with a trampoline will normally be considerably more expensive.

How  Does  No  Medical  Exam  Life  Insurance  Work?
To purchase a No Exam life insurance policy, you first must fill out the application. This can be done by paper or done together with your agent on the phone. If the latter, you will get a link by email that allows you to sign the application digitally. No Exam life insurance policies usually ask you for payment information on the application. That way they can draft the first premium from your checking account or credit card immediately upon approval, which allows the policy to go into effect much faster. Some No Exam life insurance policies do not look at medical records, and those policies can go into effect in hours. Some No Exam companies reserve the right to look at medical records. If they do order records, the process will take longer, but still not usually as long as a policy requiring an exam.

Does  Medicare  Pay  For  Esteem  Hearing  Implant?
Unfortunately, Medicare does not pay for Esteem hearing implant because it is a fully implantable inner ear hearing aid, and hearing aids are excluded. Medicare will cover prosthetic devices that replace the function of the middle ear, but does not address whether Esteem is considered this type of prosthetic device.

Where  Is  The  Best  Place  To  Set  Up  A  Roth  IRA?
A Roth IRA can be established in many places. Some of the people handling the transaction know very little about the plan. I would recommend that you get a referral to someone who has some training and background in retirement income planning. That person can do more than handle the papers; they can help you become successful.

Can  Your  Car  Get  Repossessed  For  No  Insurance?
That is going to depend on the agreement that you have with your lender for the automobile loan and your state laws. If the agreement that you signed for the auto loan has a stipulation in it that requires you to carry auto insurance and you do not then at minimum the lender would be able to come after you for breach of contract (which may allow them to reposes the vehicle just the same as if for non-payment). This question would be better answered by a local attorney.

How  Much  Does  Yearly  Homeowner
The price for a homeowners policy varies by the price of the home, the location of the home, the age of the home and the general condition of the home. Each policy is tailored for the specific home being insured. Most companies require that the home be insured to its full replacement value and that is the main factor in rating the policy.

How  Much  Is  Medicare  Part  D?
Medicare Part D premiums vary by zip code, carrier and plan formulary. Medicare Part D premiums in Georgia range from $15 per month to over $100. In considering a Medicare Part D plan you should use the drug plan formulary finder on the Medicare.gov site. When you input your information, the formulary finder will illustrate plans available in your area ranked from the lowest total cost to the highest.

Is  Renters  Insurance  Mandatory  In  Michigan?
Renters insurance is not mandatory, however it's a good idea to have and affordable. Your landlord policy only covers the structure and not your personal items. It may even help reduce your auto policy by having renters insurance. Renters insurance policies cover medical bills for someone hurt when they visit you, it covers liability claims in case someone is injured on your rented property as well. It also covers your personal items in case of fire or a complete loss. Allen Beach

Should  I  Get  Long  Term  Healthcare  Insurance?
You should get long term healthcare insurance (normally called long term care insurance) if you have assets to protect; if you want more choices in selecting who should provide your care for you, and where it should be provided; and if you can afford to pay long term care premiums.

Should  I  Buy  Disability  Insurance  Through  My  Employer?
If your employer provides disability insurance it is very wise to obtain the disability through them because premiums will be less than a single individual policy. Keep in mind through the employer policy you are usually only renting the policy not owning it. In others if you were to leave your current employer can you take that policy with you. It is also wise to have your own disability policy outside to supplement at work, just in case you are no longer working for the employer. The best time to purchase anytime of insurance is when you do not need it because you probably can afford it and also be insurable.

Who  Needs  Medicare  Supplemental  Insurance?
Who needs a Medigap plan? Although we all could use one, it is not necessary that you have one if you have sufficient out of pocket funds available (liquid funds, that is) to pay for some of the gaps that Medicare does not pay for. If you feel the burden is potentially too high and you are more comfortable with a steady monthly premium, then perhaps Medicare Supplement insurance is a perfect fit. To truly decide and to thoroughly and accurately weigh your options, an experienced broker would be very helpful, as would many reputable websites run by those experienced brokers.

Can  You  Hold  Two  Life  Insurance  Policies?
Yes, you can hold two life insurance policies or as many as you desire, as long as you are financially qualified for that amount. A general rule of thumb is that you can have life insurance that totals about about 20 times your annual income (age and net worth figure in so could be higher or lower than this).

What  To  Look  For  When  Shopping  For  Homeowners  Insurance?
There are a number of features I look for in home insurance coverage but my main objective is to have a balanced insurance program. Usually homeowners also own vehicles, have some form of health insurance, life insurance and even disability insurance. Home insurance should be consistent with other coverage you purchase. And it is not a bad idea to combine coverage with the same insurer whenever possible. Its better to deal with someone you already know if you trust them than a stranger simply trying to sell you something. I like to see all-risk* coverage on your home and your personal property . Most policies provide only limited coverage on personal property. I like insuring agreements that say, Any accidental direct damage is covered unless specifically excluded or limited. An insurance policy is easier to understand if you know what you are not covered for. Perils like flood, wind, earthquake and sinkholes may deserve special consideration in certain areas. Id also watch for limitations on certain property like jewelry and silver. I like to see guaranteed replacement cost coverage on the structure and replacement cost on personal property. Deductibles and liability limits should be consistent with those you purchase on your cars.

What  Is  PS  58  Cost  For  Life  Insurance?
The PS 58 tables were an IRS provided table of one-year term premiums used to valuate the economic benefit of life insurance protection in split dollar and qualified plans for income taxation purposes. The additional value of coverage is deemed an extra benefit for income tax purposes. We currently use the IRS provided 2001 tables.

Is  Banner  Life  Insurance  A  Good  Company?
Banner life insurance is a great company and they are part of the Legal & General of America companies. Banner started in 1949 as Government Employees Life Insurance Company (GELICO). AM Best rates Banner life insurance A+ which is a measure of its financial strength. They often have some of the least expensive term premiums and I personally use them very often.

What  Are  Annuities  And  How  Do  They  Work?
Annuities are contracts that are written by insurance companies. They promise to pay a lifetime of income payments in exchange for a sum of money. From that basic idea there are many forms of annuities with features that apply to specific situations. If the contract is merely holding money the interest on the money is not subject to current income taxes.

How  Much  Does  It  Cost  To  Purchase  Health  Insurance?
The answer varies greatly from state to state and individual situation. Individuals and families making less than 133% of the federal poverty level may be eligible for Medicaid. Those making less than 400% of poverty level ($45,960 for individuals and $94,200 for a family of four in the lower 48 states) may be eligible for tax credits to help reduce the cost. Individuals can contact an agent or visit the Healthcare Marketplace for their state to get an estimate of the monthly cost.

How  Will  Obama  Care  Affect  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Obama Care does not have any direct involvement with Long Term Care Insurance rates or features. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) deals with Health Insurance only. One could speculate as to whether everyone having health care will reduce the number of people needing long term care, and thus reduce the cost of Long Term Care Insurance. Or if Long Term Care Insurance premiums will rise if insurance companies lose money on Health Insurance. Or any number of things. But as far as Obamacare affecting Long Term Care Insurance directly: it does not.

Who  Needs  Short  Term  Disability  Insurance?
Short term disability insurance pays out a lot sooner than long term disability (typically in 7 or 13 days). That means you can cover immediate costs when you're unable to work and need an income. Anyone who doesn'twant to drain their savings (since most people only have 3 months of cash reserves) should look into short term DI, or check to see if it's offered through your work.

Does  Life  Insurance  Cover  Plane  Crashes?
The question maybe more accurately asked: Does Life insurance cover policy insureds in the event of a plane crash? The answer is yes for the flying public. Student pilots and certified pilots must declare their operators flying status in flight hours, instrument ratings, size of aircraft and whether or not their commercial pilots. A life insurance company will assess the risk and rate according to their underwriting protocols for pilots.

Does  Auto  Insurance  Transfer  From  An  Old  Car  To  A  New  Car?
If you have an insurance policy and sell your car because you purchased a new car you can easily change cars on your policy. Simply call your insurance agent and notify them of the sale of the old car and purchase on the new car and the agent can update your policy. Rates will adjust to take into account the car you chose on a pro-rated basis.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Furnace  Repairs?
Possibly if you have an endorsement on the homeowners policy for equipment breakdown. Equipment breakdown policies will not provide coverageif the equipment war not maintained properlyalong with other exclusions.Please read your policy completely to know what coverage is provided and what exclusions may be contained within or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

What  Are  Different  Ways  You  Can  Plan  For  Retirement?
There are two options you should consider: whether the retirement plan should be qualified or non qualified. Qualified retirement plans to review may be employer sponsored 401(k)s or SEP IRAs or a Roth IRA or traditional IRA for individuals. Non-qualified retirement plans may use tax deferred annuities or life insurance. In unique circumstances, you can combine some of these plans together.

Is  Whole  Life  Insurance  Considered  An  Asset?
Whole life insurance is a permanent cash value policy. It is considered an asset in simple accounting terms, as it can be sold and exchanged for another asset. When qualifying for government benefits it is sometimes counted as an asset. In order to qualify for Medicaid in states that did not expand, you may not have more than $2,000 in assets. The same criteria apply for Medicaid long term care benefits in all states. Whole life insurance cash values do count towards that total. The free student financial aid form does not count cash value life insurance as an asset. This is a big advantage for using life insurance to fund college savings.

Where  To  Get  Individual  Disability  Insurance?
You can get individual disability insurance from many of the same websites or agencies that sell life insurance. When contacting them, ask if they can provide you with three disability insurance quotes to compare. If they can, and if they are able to explain the features of disability insurance to you, that should be a good place to start.

Does  Basic  Life  Insurance  Cover  Accidental  Death?
Yes, Basic Life Insurance does cover accidental death, as well as death due to natural causes (i.e. illness, old age). You sometimes have the option to put an Accidental Death rider on a basic life insurance policy. This increases the amount that would be paid to your beneficiary if you died accidentally, as opposed to dying from natural causes. Usually accidental death riders are offered in options of multiples of your basic death benefit. E.g. Your policy would pay $100,000 if you died of illness. But with the Accidental Death rider it would pay 2 times that amount, or $200,000, if your death was due to an accident of some sort. However, without that rider, the policy would still pay $100,000 for death due to accident OR natural causes.

Who  Should  Life  Insurance  Go  To?
Most people choose a beneficiary that is a relative or business associate for their life insurance to go to. If married, the primary beneficiary for most policy holders is their spouse. If single, many people choose a parent, sibling, or friend. If you want your life insurance money to be used for your final expenses, you should choose a beneficiary that you can trust to spend the money as desired, or else form a trust and leave the money to a trust. If the purpose for your life insurance is to replace income that someone else counted on, that is the person(s) who should be your beneficiary.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  AC  Repair?
Talk to your Insurance Professional about the specific terms and conditions of your policy. If the unit is damaged as a result of a covered peril in your policy, then, subject to your policy deductible, there would more than likely be coverage available to pay the repair. If on the other hand, the damage is a result of wear and tear on the unit, then your Homeowners policy will more than likely not provide any coverage in that case.

Is  United  Healthcare  A  Good  Health  Insurance?
United Healthcare is one of the largest companies in the world and ranks in the top 20 of the Fortune 500. It insures more people than any other company for health insurance and Medicare plans. Their plans are solid and there history of rate increases has been competitive. Yes, I consider it a very good company.

How  To  Get  Insurance  On  A  Car?
Do you need to get insurance on your car? Here's the easiest way to purchase coverage at the lowest available rate. You'll save hours of time and receive unbiased assistance to help you through the process. Contact an experienced broker and their website and get a free quote. Let decades of experience work for you! That was easy! LIVE answer provided by: Ed Harris - Premier car insurance broker for 33 years and owner of several of the nation's top-rated websites offering the lowest available rates to consumers.

How  Exactly  Does  A  Universal  Life  Insurance  Policy  Work?
The Universal Life policy is a way to combine term insurance with an investment feature under one plan. You have flexibility of premium. The more you put in, the more your cash value grows. You can skip premiums or put less into the plan as long as there is enough cash in the plan to maintain the insurance cost. In order to make sure the death benefit will be available in your older years you MUST make sure you do not under fund your policy. As you get older the cost of insurance increases. If the cash fund does not maintain enough to pay the insurance cost the policy will lapse. You will receive an annual statement each year, make sure you review this with your agent to make sure your policy is performing as planned.

What  Is  Business  Use  Auto  Insurance?
What is business use auto insurance? When you ask a company for a quote, they will ask you how you use your vehicle. the most common uses are: to work (commute to an office) and how far. Pleasure use (non-working drives to the store and such). Business use ( drives vehicle in the course of daily business, such as outside salesmen.) Generally the more frequently you are on the road the more a auto insurance carrier will charge for coverage.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Theft  Of  My  Car?
Theft of a car is covered by the comprehensive portion of an auto policy. It is not covered by a tenants policy. Many tenants policies cover motorized vehicles used to service your home and are not designed of licensed for use on public roads. This would be a riding lawn mower or like item.

How  Is  Renters  Insurance  Different  From  Homeowners  Insurance?
A renters policy is similar to a homeowners policy except that there isnt any coverage for the residence. If you are renting a house and it burns to the ground, your landlord is responsible for rebuilding the house, not you. If your contents are destroyed in the same fire, you are responsible for the contents (personal property) not the landlord.

Does  Cigna  Health  Insurance  Cover  Abortions?
Cigna health insurance does not cover an abortion. Cigna offers many different types of coverage, including individual and family, small-business, self-employed, student and short-term plans. But like most carriers, elective abortions are not covered.In the event of a medical emergency, it is possible that benefits may be different. Reviewing your policy with an experienced broker will help you if that applies to you. We'll help you find suitable coverage by shopping all of the available plans in your area.

What  Does  Cash  Surrender  Value  Mean  On  Life  Insurance  Policy?
The cash surrender value is the portion of your insurance that you have built up your own money in. Whole-life insurance by design is really like a reducing term policy with a cash account that builds guaranteed cash value as you get further and further into the policy years. All whole-life policies have a maturity date where your cash has built up to the point that you are completely self insured and the actual insured portion (the part the insurance company has at risk) has gone to zero. You can use your cash value while you are living through policy loans, cash surrenders, or using it to buy reduced paid up insurance.

If  You  Cash  In  Life  Insurance  Is  It  Taxable?
In Canada, you are taxed on the policy gain at surrender and certain other events that are considered deemed dispositions. These include borrowing in excess of the policy gain, a partial surrender and most transfers of ownership. Essentially the policy gain is calculated by subtracting from the cash value the total premiums paid after deducting the cost of insurance and any riders. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me. If you would like to work with a local life insurance broker, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: life insurance broker Halifax or life insurance agent Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find a life insurance broker in your community.

Who  Can  I  Put  On  My  Health  Insurance?
It really depends on the State you live in and the Company you are dealing with. In Florida, you can put your children, spouses and significant others on a Florida Blue plan. But...if you go through the Government Subsidy, that's a whole different story. Depending on the level of subsidy, the children may have to go on Florida Kid Care and significant others would have to go on a different policy.

Does  Life  Insurance  Require  A  Credit  Check?
That is a great question! In the vast majority of cases, life insurance companies will not check your credit rating. In many cases your agreements section of your policy may give them the right to check, and if the value of the policy is high enough they might, but that's pretty much the only times that I know of. Most often, it's your medical history, your prescription history, and occasionally your driving record that they will check. Thanks for asking!

Does  USAA  Offer  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
No, USAA does not offer Long Term Care Insurance through their own company. However, USAA agents can help you purchase Long Term Care Insurance underwritten by John Hancock. In order to get a Long Term Care quote from several companies so that you can find your best price, contact a brokerage that sells Long Term Care policies and can explain the features and pros and cons of each type of policy to you.

How  Long  Can  My  Son  Stay  On  My  Health  Insurance?
Under the Affordable Care Act children may stay on their parents' health insurance plan until they reach the age of 26. At 26 they have a number of choices and options. When they reach 26 they can take COBRA if their parents plan was a group health insurance plan or they can buy individual health insurance since they have a qualifying event.

What  Is  The  Cheapest  Car  Insurance  For  A  21  Year  Old?
The cheapest car insurance for young drivers depends on many factors including your age, type of vehicle, driving record and where you live. An experienced broker, along with their website will provide you with the best chance of getting the best rates. That's our job - Finding the cheapest prices from the most reputable companies.

What  Is  The  Best  Rated  Medicare  Advantage  Plan?
Medicare Advantage plans have star ratings issued by CMS. The highest is a 5 star plan but you may have difficulty finding such a plan in your area. Most Medicare Advantage plans have doctor and hospital networks. If you choose a plan based on star ratings you may find that your doctor does not accept the plan.

How  Important  Is  It  To  Have  Life  Insurance?
If you have people who count on you for financial support, and no other way to provide them any financial support if you were to pass away, then it is very important to have life insurance. All you need to do is talk to one person whose loved one left them life insurance at a vulnerable time, and talk to one whose family was forced to get along without the person and the paycheck upon whom they relied. You will immediately see the importance.

Can  Felons  Get  Medicare?
It is possible for felons to get Medicare. They must meet some certain conditions, such as a waiting period of 5-15 years before they can apply for Medicare benefits (the less serious the crime, the shorter the waiting period). This can possibly be reduced by one year with a letter from a probation officer, or it could be waived in the event of end stage renal failure. The felon cannot be a fugitive or currently incarcerated.

Is  USAA  Health  Insurance  Good?
USAA (which is a very fine financial institution and which I am a member for my auto coverage) does not have their own health coverage. They are a broker for Assurant Health. Not sure if they have continued that relationship with Assurant Health since Obamacare has come to fully pass into law.

Who  Is  The  Best  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Company?
There are many great long-term care insurers, although the list is shrinking since specific carriers have exited the market. As of last year, some of the most respected insurers were AIG, Bankers, State Farm, New York Life, Berkshire and Northwestern. By contacting an experience broker who specialized in long-term care products, you'll be able to easily understand the best options.

How  Do  I  Go  About  Getting  Life  Insurance?
To go about getting life insurance, start with looking at how much insurance you might need. Then go to a website that offers instant quotes to get an idea of what it might cost. Finally, call or visit that website or a local agency to discuss your options. They can make sure you qualify for the policy you are considering, and possibly even help you find something more suitable or at a lower cost. From there you apply, do an exam in your home (if needed) and wait for your agent to let you know when you are approved. You will get a copy of your policy to keep.

How  Does  Weight  Affect  Life  Insurance  Rates?
That is a great question! Insurance companies are all about risk. If you have a lot of tickets, or accidents, your auto insurance rates will be high. If your home is in an area wherehurricanes are common, your homeowners will be high.Likewise, if you are obese, you are much more likely to develop weight related diseases that can affect your life expectancy. Diabetes, high blood pressure, strokes and heart disease are found more often with people that have issues with their weight. Being too thin carries similar risks. Many insurers will have a set standard for your weight and height that they will use to help determine that risk. They will use that to help determine your rate. The less risk there is that you will pass away sooner than later, the lower your rate will be. I hope that helps, thanks for asking!

How  Much  Do  Medicare  Advantage  Plans  Cost?
Medicare Advantage premiums range from $0 to $100 or more. Rates vary by plan, zip code, carrier and benefit levels. There is no "best" Medicare Advantage plan. Benefits and premiums vary by zip code and from year to year. The "best" plan is the one that fits your needs and budget. Most Advantage plans have provider networks. Some networks are local while others are regional. Some Medicare Advantage plans only cover youe if you are treated by a network provider while others will include out of network coverage but with a higher (and usually separate) deductible, higher copay's and higher out of pocket. Exceptions can be made for out of network penalties in the case of true medical emergencies. Make sure you understand all details of the policy, especially your out of pocket maximum. The out of pocket limit does not include non-network benefits or Rx. It also does not include any non-covered medical treatment.

What  Happens  When  A  Term  Life  Insurance  Term  Ends?
When a Term Life Insurance policy reaches the end of the term, most people choose to get a new policy. That is because the price jumps up to an unaffordable amount, for most people, and can continue to go up annually after that. Some policies allow the term policy to be converted to permanent for a number of years, and by a certain age. This price will be much higher than the original term cost was, as well, but at least it will be locked in.

Does  Credit  Score  Affect  Life  Insurance?
Credit score usually is not a consideration for life insurance underwriting. However, if the face amount applied for is large enough to require a telephone interview or full blown inspection report, an applicant's financial habits may come into play. While a person's credit score does not have a direct bearing on the underwriting of the case, a bankruptcy may be considered by the underwriter.

Who  Are  The  Top  Rated  Life  Insurance  Companies?
Life insurance companies are rated by a number of different institutions. Therefore, which life insurance companies are top rated will depend on which rating system you choose to use. Here are the main rating institutions available: A.M. Best Weiss Moody's Fitch Standard & Poor's Standard Analytical Service It may make sense to use multiple rating systems to measure the insurance companies you are interested in.

How  Much  Am  I  Worth  In  Life  Insurance?
Every one has a human life value. A rule of thumb is this is projected income over your lifetime. For example a person making $100,000 a year over 30 years would earn $3,000,000. Add in an inflation factor and you would have the Human Life Value. There are other ways to figure this but I am trying to keep it simple. What percentage of this you cover with life insurance is an individual decision.

What  Are  The  Different  Types  Of  Homeowners  Insurance?
Although it is difficult to find a company that will write many of these forms there are a variety of Homeowners policies. Generally, the difference is in the perils that the policy insures. The most rudimentary policy covers fire, wind and not much else. The most comprehensive cover all-risks except those excluded in the policy. This is much broader coverage and is the norm.

Is  An  Annuity  Right  For  Me?
David's article is well written and the basic principles are the same in Canada, the design and tax regulations and advantages are of course very different. Accumulation annuities: Guaranteed Interest Annuities (GIA) - your money invested is guaranteed Guaranteed Investment Annuities (GIF) also referred to as segregated funds or variable annuities - your money is invested in equities and is not guaranteed. Since the products are issued under the insurance act they include maturity and death benefit guarantees, typically 75% or 100%. Payout annuities: You exchange a lump sum of money for a stream of payments for the rest of your life or for a specified number of years. Since they provide a guaranteed pension income they are often used by retirement income planners to cover fixed expenses. The guarantees, estate planning applications, potential creditor proofing and tax advantages are reasons why annuities are an important part of retirement planning. In Canada as in the USA, whether or not an annuity is right for you depends on your individual circumstances. Using an annuity strategy is not always complicated, it is however, often permanent. In most provinces in Canada, almost anyone can call themselves a Financial Adviser or Financial Planner. Look for an insurance broker with a professional designation like a Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU) or Certified Financial Planner (CFP). Annuities are often used in combination to increase after tax income, guarantee income, address volatility, "lock in" gains, leave a legacy, ensure privacy and provide potential creditor protection. With their increased risk exposure protecting your retirement nest egg is of special importance if you are the self employed. You can find 16 "I want to ... how do I" examples at www.jpw.ca If you have further questions please contact me.

Where  To  Get  The  Best  Term  Life  Insurance?
Unfortunately there's no one company that offers the "best" term life insurance. The carrier that's going to offer the best rates for you may not be the carrier the offers the best rates for someone else. There are 4 main factors that determine the rates for your life insurance policy - your age, risk classification, amount of coverage, and how long it's guaranteed for. Your risk classification is the MOST important factor when looking for coverage. Some companies may offer you a better risk class than others because they each have their own underwriting guidelines and respond to specific medical histories differently. It is ALWAYS best to consult with an experienced life insurance broker who can compare multiple companies and shop the case for you and help determine the most likely risk classification you will qualify for with each company based on your medical history so you can figure out which company will offer you the desired coverage at the lowest rates - in short, which company will be your best starting point. Please feel free to contact me for help. Thanks very much.

Why  Are  Indexed  Annuities  Bad?
In Canada, variable annuities are often called segregated funds or seg funds. They are similar to mutual funds, but since they are issued by insurance companies that have death and maturity guarantees of 100% or 75%. Indexed annuities are not "bad", like any investment they are appropriate for some and not others. If the guarantees and other features are important to you and fit with your investment objectives they are "good" and should be considered. If not they may not be right for you. If you have further questions. or believe that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Termites?
A homeowners policy makes you whole if you suffer damage from any of the stated perils of the policy. Most homeowners policies specifically exclude damage as a result of an infestation of insects. However, if the damage is hidden and results in a collapse of part of the building, the damage is likely to be covered. Routine damage by termites isnt normally covered.

What  Is  The  Medicare  D  Donut  Hole?
The Medicare Donut hole describes the phase in your medications where you have depleted the $2880 which is the basic benefit that is covered by your Part D plan. Medicare is scheduled to phase out the donut hole starting in 2014 which will be good news to the individuals that have high prescription drug costs. I hope you are aware of the savings available to you by having your doctor give you a 90 day prescription and then you using the mail order capabilities in your Part D plan. In some companies, like Humana, this savings can be significant

Does  Owning  A  Dog  Increase  Homeowners  Insurance?
This really depend on the size, breed , and prior history of the dog biting someone. This has become a huge issue in many states . You may encounter significant difficulty is insuring your home with a standard homeowners policy which includes liability coverage if there is history of biting or the dog is of a bred that has had a greater propensity to have been involved in attacks such as a pit bull. There is enough concern about this primarily because dog bites are often the second most likely cause of loss in many states for an individual carrier. Some carriers limit the liability coverage and some simply charge more if they perceive a more significant risk of loss. Dog owners should be aware that an absolute liability can exist in some states just by owning the dog.In other words the fact that you own the dog is sufficient to cause of liability for you and your carrier.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Skilled  Nursing  Facility?
Medicare provides limited coverage for skilled nursing care under part A. For days 1-20, you pay $0 for each benefit period. For days 21-100, you pay $152 coinsurance per day of each benefit period. For everything after the first 101 days, you are responsible for 100% of the cost. Please note, several qualifying items have to be met in order for Part A to provide coverage: 1) 3 inpatient days to meet a qualifying hospital stay 2) You have days left in your benefit period 3) Your doctor says you need daily skilled care 4) The facility providing the care needs to be certified by Medicare 5) Your condition was treated during your qualifying inpatient hospital stay Long-term care insurance will be most helpful for skilled nursing care benefits.

Can  I  Add  My  Brother  To  My  Health  Insurance?
Typically, a parent would add your brother to to a health insurance policy that they purchase and you are covered on. If you have a separate policy, you can help pay for coverage on your brother, but it would be a separate policy. If you are close to the same age, his rate should be similar to yours and perhaps lower, depending on health conditions.

How  Much  Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Cost?
As my colleague said, there are a great many factors that are considered when the premium for a home is developed. In addition to those he mentioned, the year of construction and style of home along with it's proximity to fire services, namely water sources such as hydrants and distance from the closest Fire Fighting Company would be included. Having a monitored alarm system and also insuring your cars with the same company would more than likely earn you money saving discounts. Talk to your Insurance Professional about the specific terms and conditions of your homeowners' policy and ask about any available discounts for which you may qualify to best manage your costs.

Is  Homeowners  Insurance  Paid  In  Advance?
The principle of insurance is that premiums are paid before coverage begins and claims are paid when it ends. Of course, it doesnt always work exactly like that but homeowners policies are always prepaid. If this is the first policy you are buying on a home you have just purchased the title company will take the initial premium out of the closing unless you can show proof that it is has already been paid.

How  Much  Is  Condo  Renters  Insurance?
There isnt such a thing as a condo-renters policy. If you own the condo, then you need the condo form of a homeowners policy. If you are renting a unit regardless of how the title to the unit is held, you need a tenants policy (commonly called a renters policy.) The Condo form is for the owner of the unit and has similar coverages to as standard homeowners policy except that there isnt coverage for the building. The building is covered by a condominium master policy. The tenants policy covers the possessions of the renter. That form is the same regardless of whether it is a condo or an apartment.

Is  Life  Insurance  Sales  A  Good  Job?
Life insurance sales can be a very good job for someone who is sharp, outgoing, ethical, and persistent. It is not for the faint of heart. Getting with an agency that will train you and possibly pay you a salary, at least while you get on your feet, is a great way to start out. How you do after that is up to you.

Does  SIPC  Cover  Annuities?
SIPC covers securities investments in the event of a Broker Dealer default or insolvency. The coverage is up to $500,000. Annuities are not covered by SIPC because they are insurance products and are therefore covered by State reinsurance programs specific to the state that the annuity is offered and sold in.

What  Is  The  Difference  Between  Medigap  And  Advantage?
It can be a bit confusing, but Medigap plans are utilized for persons that are covered under traditional Medicare. You can buy a policy from an insurance company such as Blue Cross, Humana or UnitedHealthcare (although there are plenty of other insurers to choose from). It is designed to provide coverage for many of the out-of-pocket costs (such as Part A deductible and Part B costs) that are not picked up by Medicare. The different Medigap plans are standardized which makes it easy to compare, although there are differences in benefits. Medicare Advantage is a private health plan that is offered as an alternative to the more-traditional Medicare coverage. Often an HMO or PPO, you may see additional benefits included. Many of these plans include some form of prescription/drug benefit. Of course, you can not purchase BOTH a Medigap and Medicare Advantage plan. You can choose one, or simply not use a supplemental policy. An independent broker and/or a reputable website is a great place to view options from multiple companies. You can often instantly compare plans and easily apply online.

What  Is  The  Best  Medicare  Supplement  Plan  In  Kansas?
The best Medicare supplement plan in Kansas is the same as in Georgia or any other state. The plan that meets your needs and budget is the right one for you. All plans with the same letter are identical in every way except premium. When you pay more you don't get more, you simply paid too much.

What  Are  Covered  Perils  On  Home  Insurance?
There are many covered perils on a homeowner's insurance policy. The most common perils are fire, theft, vandalism and wind. Coverage on your contents may differ than coverage on the dwelling. Earthquake coverage is sometimes a rider that needs to be added. Flood insurance (if you are in a flood zone) can be purchased directly through a separate government agency.

How  Much  Will  My  Insurance  Give  Me  For  A  Totaled  Car?
The best way to get a close guess to what they will pay for your car is to run a value of your car prior to the damage. Many use the nada.com or Kelly blue book both are online. This will give you a close price to what they will give you . Also you can contact most car dealerships and ask them the value of your car before it was wrecked.

Is  Weight  Loss  Surgery  Covered  By  Medicare?
Bariatric surgery (lap band, gastric bypass) can be a covered expense under Medicare in some situations. If your doctor certifies that you are morbidly obese and other forms of weight loss have not been successful, you may be considered a surgical candidate if you are healthy enough to survive the surgery.

Is  Auto  Insurance  Federally  Required?
As of this date and based on my knowledge and experience auto insurance is not federally required. It is however mandated in nearly every state in the united states. The levels of coverage required by each state is regulated by that state. To find out more about the requirements in your state contact a local agent or your local DMV.

What  Does  Medicare  Home  Care  Cover?
Original Medicare (Parts A & B) cover somehome health care services such as skilled nursing care, physical therapy, speech-language pathology services, to name a few. A home health care agency will usually coordinate your services as ordered by your doctor. Some home health care services are not covered by Medicare, including: 1) 24/7 care at home 2) Delivered meals 3) Homemaker services (e.g. cleaning your house, doing your laundry, etc.) 4) Personal care (e.g. helping you bathe, get dressed, etc.) You should check with Medicare what they will pay exactly for your home care services. In general, you're paying $0 except for your 20% of durable medical equipment (covered under Part B) - a Medicare supplement plan can pay this portion.

When  Does  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Pay?
Long Term Care Insurance pays when certain triggers are met, indicating that the insured person cannot care for themselves without assistance. These triggers are the inability to pay for two or more ADL's (activities of daily living such as bathing or dressing) and cognitive impairment. In tax qualified plans, the insured person must show evidence that they will need long term care for over 90 days. The benefit is actually paid after the days of the elimination period have passed.

Is  Life  Insurance  A  Liquid  Asset?
That's a great question! By definition, a liquid asset is one that you can readily obtain, and move. Your life insurance, especially if it is a term policy, does not fit that description. Term insurance has no value unless you pass away during the term, and you can't use it if you wanted too, then. Whole life does have a portion of it that can be used for cash, but again, it takes years to develop a sizable amount, and the big benefit does not pay out until you have passed. There are companies out there that will buy your insurance, for a discounted cash sum, but even then that would not fit the description, or be a wise financial move. Thanks for asking!

When  Do  Annuities  Pay  Out?
Annuities pay out at the time you choose to annuitize your policy. If you have an immediate annuity for which you paid a lump sum, your annuity will pay out almost immediately after taking out the annuity. If you have been putting payments into your annuity for a number of years, you make the choice when you want the annuity to start paying you.

How  To  Choose  A  Good  Life  Insurance  Policy?
This is an excellent Question. You want a company that has good rating i.e Moodys and one that has been around for a long enough time to have proved themselves. Aside from that you want to go with a company that have the products that you are seeking.

How  To  Choose  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Before you choose the right life insurance policy you must choose the right agent. The agent should always have your best interest at heart and represent many of the top carriers. Also, the agent should present level term protection as the primary type of insurance as it is the most affordable and gives the client more insurance for less money so the he will be properly covered. Coverage should be adequate to pay for final expense, pay off debt, replace income, and provide college funding for any dependent children. Not hard at all.

Is  It  Possible  To  Buy  Cheaper  Health  Insurance  Than  My  Company  Offers?
Yes, it CAN be less expensive for you to seek your own health insurance plan rather than accept the plan through your job. But often it's just the opposite. You should always check both ways. Having an individual plan is much more portable in case you leave your job. Once you are on Medicare it is very common to have better options on the individual market than through your group offerings.

How  Do  I  Know  If  I  Have  Life  Insurance?
If you have life insurance, you will probably have a copy of the policy somewhere. When people purchase life insurance, they get physical evidence that the purchase was made. If you cannot find that, you can try asking family members, or calling insurance companies that your family has used in the past.

What  Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  In  A  Hurricane?
A homeowners insurance policy covers damage to the structure, loss of personal property, increased living expenses and some medical expenses if the damage is the result of a named peril. In some policies, the perils are specifically named, while in others the policy covers everything but the excluded perils. In any case, insurance companies have paid enormous sums to assist policyholders who were hit with a hurricane.

Does  Auto  Insurance  Cover  The  Car  Or  The  Driver?
When it comes to auto insurance and you are driving another vehicle that is not your's your insurance will be primary for the liability coverage and then the liability insurance for the person that owns the vehicle would be secondary. Comprehensive and collision coverages typically are only for the vehicle that they are registered to. As always read your policy completely to know what is covered and what exclusions the policy may have or call your local agent and have them go over the coverages and exclusions with you.

Which  Life  Insurance  Is  Best  In  Arkansas?
The best life insurance policy in Arkansas varies for each person. There are some companies that are better for families, while others are better for seniors. Some are better for people with poor health, while others only accept persons with good health. Some have limits on their face amounts of $50,000 or less, while others will issue over $10,000,000, if you can qualify for it. Some carry only Term, while others offer a huge array of products. Therefore, it is important to talk to an agency that carries a number of options for Arkansas residents, and get their assistance in finding the best policy for you. It is surprising how quickly a good agent can narrow down what you need and the best, most reasonably priced company to purchase it from.

What  Is  The  Best  And  Most  Affordable  Life  Insurance?
For most budget conscience consumers, 30 year term life insurance with a conversion provision is the best bang for the buck on affordable life insurance. I choose 30 years because many consumers have mortgagees that last that long. I recommend term insurance with conversion provisions to maintain the option to convert to permanent life insurance if its deemed necessary. Make sure the permanent policies are worth converting to before you purchase term life insurance. Remember, the key issue is affordability. Guaranteed term life insurance can be purchased for guaranteed periods starting at 5 to 30 years. Guaranteed term life insurance with convertibility is more than likely the best option for most.

How  Can  I  Take  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  Out  On  My  Father?
The key to this question is insurable interest. You must have a good reason to buy the insurance. Secondly, you will need your fathers cooperation. Your father must complete non-medical information and may have to submit to some routine procedures such as urinalysis, mouth swab or x-ray. There are subcultures in the USA where this is a common practice to prepare for the inevitable expense of the funeral.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Electrical  Damage?
If electrical equipment inside your unit is damaged as a result of a power surge or interruption that originates outside the unit, that damage is specifically excluded. If there is a fire that causes electrical damage, that damage would be covered. If an electrical appliance inside the unit catches fire and damages part of the unit or your personal property, that would probably be covered.

Term  Or  Whole  Life  Insurance  Which  Is  Best?
That is a great question! Both of these types of policies have things that make them good choices. But they also have features that may not make them the best choice. That will depend upon your need. A term policy will be better for covering a short term need, or if money is very tight. A whole life policy is better if you want long term coverage, and want the option of having cash available should you need it. If you would like to find out which one might be a better fit, please contact me, and I'll help you figure it out. Thanks for asking!

Is  Credit  Life  Insurance  A  Good  Idea?
Credit Life Insurance is a policy that pays off a borrower's debt if he/she dies. Is it a good idea? I suppose, if you died, in retrospect it was! However, the beneficiary often is the creditor and not someone you can choose. However, typically, rates on this type of policy are higher than what you may be able to get from a broker or agent. However, if you are guaranteed to be accepted and you have major health issues, it should be considered.

Is  A  Knee  Walker  Covered  By  Medicare?
Unfortunately, knee walkers are not normally paid for by Medicare. If you can get a doctor's prescription saying that crutches or canes will not provide the support needed, it may be possible for Medicare Part B to cover a knee walker. However, providers of knee walkers generally state that Medicare does not cover this type of walker at this point in time, and under most circumstances.

Why  Is  Health  Insurance  More  For  Women?
In the past health insurance cost more for women because they utilize health care services more than men. The Affordable Care Act contained provisions that made it illegal to charge different rates based upon gender. Beginning in January of 2014 all individual health plans must charge the same rate for men as for women.

How  Much  Does  A  Million  Dollar  Life  Insurance  Policy  Cost?
A one million dollar life insurance policy can be purchased for $20 per month. But only if you are a perfectly healthy 21 year old non-smoker. And that rate will only be guaranteed for 10-years. Life insurance is sold at different prices to different people. No two people have the same health history, gender, smoking status, family history, etc. Plus you may only need your term life policy for 2--years and your twin brother may want his for his entire lifetime. That will greatly affect the price.

Does  AIG  Sell  Life  Insurance?
AIG sells life insurance through its subsidiary American General. As you may or may not be aware, that AIG was bailed out through loans and stock ownership from the government. Since that time AIG has paid back all loans to the government and its subsidiary, American general, has enjoyed a resurgence in sales and brand recognition.

How  To  Reduce  Homeowners  Insurance?
The most effective way to reduce the cost of a homeowners policy is to increase the deductible. Shifting that risk from the company always results in a reduction. Much is made of deductions for central station alarms, and other home modifications. These adjustments are often disappointingly small. The one thing that you should never do is reduce the amount of liability coverage.

Does  Allied  Auto  Insurance  factor  in  DUIs  that  are  more  than  3  years  old  in  California?
All auto insurers in California are subject to prop 103 laws and guidelines. This means a DUI is chargeable for 3 years, however the person in question with the DUI will not be a California good driver for 10 years. California good driver is a 20% discount that would not be available by any Insurer operating in California. Not being a good driver in California can potentially make you unacceptable by certain carriers that will only accept California good drivers. Work with many Insurers including Allied and depending on your situation Allied most likely will accept you as an insured but you will not get the good driver discount.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Carpenter  Ants?
Damage to a structure from termites, ants and insects in general is not covered under the standard homeowner insurance policy. The underlying theory is that such damage is the result of infestation due to negligence on the part of the homeowner as the proximate cause of the occurrence. The homeowner is obligated to inspect for such damage and remedy the situation accordingly. Homeowner insurance covers structural damage that is sudden and accidental in nature. Infestation does not fit these criteria. Check with a qualified (recommended) and fully licensed pest control operation in your area. You may be able to purchase a policy or bond that would cover you for certain types of infestation after they have inspected and possibly treated your residence structure. We are talking about structural damages here. There could be coverage for damages that might occur from a roof collapse, for example, resulting from the infestation, that causes loss to other property within the dwelling. However, the infestation damage itself is not covered.

How  Much  Does  It  Cost  To  Add  A  Second  Driver  To  Car  Insurance?
The cost of adding another vehicle to you current policy is going to depend on many factors. What type/levels of coverage are you looking for on the other the vehicle? How many drivers are in the household? Also the normal factors that come into play when first getting coverage from a carrier. Call your current agent to find out the rate for adding an additional vehicle to your current policy.

How  Much  Does  Renters  Insurance  Generally  Cost?
There are several factors that govern the cost of renters insurance. The cost is based on the value of your contents, construction of your residence, type of dwelling (house versus apartment versus mobilehome), and location. When you weigh the cost of NOT having insurance on your contents if something were to happen,,,,,it's a small price to pay. And don't forget that most DECENT policies will pay to put you up in a hotel if something should happen to the residence you are renting that caused the residence to be uninhabitable...that portion is called Additional Living Expense.

Where  Do  I  Find  Cheap  Health  Insurance  In  Ohio?
Fortunately, Ohio features some of the least expensive health insurance rates in the US. The major carriers in the state are Anthem Blue Cross, UnitedHealthcare (Golden Rule), Medical Mutual, Aetna and Humana. Assurant and Celtic also offer coverage although their prices are not always competitive. SummaCare, Kaiser and HealthAmerica offer plans in portions of Northern Ohio. Reputable websites and/or experienced brokers can often offer policies to consumers. Typically, individual, family and small-business plans are available. Of course, in 2014, policies can be purchased (with help from a broker, if needed) through the Ohio Health Exchange, a "marketplace" created from "The Affordable Care Act." Federal tax subsidies will be available to those persons that qualify.

What  Type  Of  Insurance  Do  I  Need  To  Rent  Out  My  Home?
To rent your home the proper insurance is called a DP-3 policy or morecommonlyknown as a Dwelling Fire or Landlord policy. This policy is designed to protect your investment the property along with protection as a landlord for your liability, loss of use, wrongful eviction and personal injury. Talk to your local agent as to the proper coverage for your particular dwelling.

Which  Is  The  Cheapest  Renters  Insurance?
The cheapest renter's policy is the one that pays the full amount of a claim and leaves you paying nothing more than the deductible. Everything else costs too much! You probably wanted to know what company or type of company is cheapest but that is not really a bargain. Having enough coverage with a company that will pay the claim is the cheapest way you can go.

Does  Medicare  Pay  For  Cialis?
No, Medicare does not pay for Cialis or other erectile dysfunction drugs. Medicare Part B will not cover Cialis, nor will Medicare prescription plans (Medicare Part D). Sometimes drug discount cards offered through other entities will pay a discount for the purchase of erectile dysfunction drugs such as Cialis, Levitra, or Viagra.

Is  Cialis  Covered  By  Medicare  Part  D?
Cialis is not covered by Medicare Part D prescription drug coverage. All ED drugs (Levitra, Cialis, Viagra, etc) are excluded from Medicare drug formularies. Some organizations and companies offer drug discount cards that can be used to help cut the costs of purchasing erectile dysfunction drugs such as Cialis.

When  Does  My  Health  Insurance  End  When  I  Quit  My  Job?
It depends on the company you work for. Some companies will cover you for the remainder of the month, some you insurance ends right away. Your company is required to provide you with a certificate of creditable coverage and offer COBRA which will allow you to continue coverage for a period of time on a self pay basis.

What  Is  Juvenile  Life  Insurance?
Juvenile insurance was a major trend at one time in the United States. There were millions of policies written on children, most with a face amount well under $5000. They were purchased to pay final expenses and provide a savings program for the child. While no longer common, this would be the motivation today. In some ethnic subcultures, a funeral is extremely expensive. Parents see the purchase of a whole life policy as coverage for the unthinkable, death of a child, and a good start on something that the child will want later.

Is  Medicare  Self  Sustaining?
Medicare is not self sustaining. It was never designed to be. When LBJ signed Medicare into law he knew then that costs would outrun tax revenues but he was more concerned with a legacy law than fiscal responsibility. Aging boomers + a sluggish economy = lower tax revenues. Medicare is kept afloat by shifting the cost to seniors and providers.

What  Is  The  Definition  Of  Medigap?
Medigap plans (commonly referred to as Medicare supplement plans) are designed to help seniors who want high quality healthcare and are on Medicare, cover the gap between what hospitals and doctors charge for their services and what Medicare will pay.Health insurance is constantly changing, which can make finding the right plan for you very strenuous. Supplementing your Original Medicare coverage (Medicare Parts A & B) with a Medicare Supplement plan will help you create a very predictable expense structure for your healthcare and allow you to see any doctor you want that accepts Medicare. Any doctor that accepts Medicare will also accept your Medicare Supplement plan. There are 10 different Medicare supplement plans and they are all standardized, meaning a plan F from company A and a plan F from company B feature the EXACT same benefits. The 10 different plans available are plans A, B, C, D, F, G, K, L, M, and N (a high-deductible plan F is also available that features a $2,140 deductible in 2014 - the trade-off being a substantially reduced premium). Each plan offers certain benefits some more comprehensive than others. Each plan must cover a core set of benefits (also known as the basic benefits). The basic benefits are 1) Medicare Part A coinsurance plus coverage for 365 additional days after Medicare benefitsare used up. 2) Medicare Part B coinsurance or copayment 3) First 3 pints of blood 4) Part A hospice care coinsurance or copayment There's a total of 9 benefits that can be secured. The other 5 benefits available under a Medigap plan are: 1) Skilled Nursing Facility Care coinsurance 2) Medicare Part A deductible 3) Medicare Part B deductible 4) Medicare Part B excess charges 5) Foreign travel emergency (up to plan limits) Each plan features a different structure, Each plan covers a different combination of these 9 benefits (some of the plans feature coinsurance or copayments for certain benefits). If cost is not a major factor for you, Plan F will be the recommended choice because it covers all 9 benefits at 100% - it's the most popular plan by far. If you're looking to keep your costs down, but still have very comprehensive coverage, you may want to look at plans C, G, and N as well. When you're looking to buy a Medigap plan, you should consult with an independent Medigap insurance agent to review the plans in detail to see which one will best serve your needs, help you identify all of the carriers offering Medigap plans in your zip code, and which one will be able to offer the coverage to you at the lowest cost (the plans are standardized so the biggest difference between them is price - the benefits are exactly the same regardless of the carrier you have the Medigap plan through). I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your Medigap coverage needs, including quotes and plan comparisons, and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Shingles  Vaccine?
Shingles vaccines are covered under Medicare Part B, but it only covers the cost of administering the drug by your doctor . . . not the cost of the drug.Your doctor can write a prescription for you to pick up the vaccine at a pharmacy and the pharmacy can bill your Part D plan

What  Does  Mortgage  Disability  Insurance  Cover?
A mortgage disability policy will make the mortgage payments in the event you are dsabled for a specified period of time. You can purchase this through your bank or some companies offer mortgage disability plans. If you have a mortgage take a look at picking up a mortgage dsability plan. Contact a local independent agent familiar with disability insurance.

How  Much  Voluntary  Life  Insurance?
If you're asking how much payroll-deducted life insurance should you purchase above your free group term, there are a few considerations to think about. First, be sure you understand what happens to the coverage if you leave your employer. Most of these plans are not portable, and they terminate when you leave the company. For that reason, I would not look to these plans as a replacement for personally owned life insurance outside of your employer. The other issue is that contrary to conventional wisdom, payroll deducted life insurance may not be lower in cost than buying outside of work. Many of these companies who issue the coverage use a less stringent underwriting process, which may be a good thing if you are not insurable at the best rate classes. However, if you are in very good health, you will likely pay less for individual coverage than through payroll deduction. There's also the term conversion benefit on personally owned coverage that you may not have on the voluntary policy.

Is  Life  Insurance  Proceeds  Subject  To  Estate  Tax?
Life insurance proceeds are usually not subject to estate tax.If the amount of the life insurance brings the value of the estate over the exempted amount, the amount that exceeds the exemption will be subject to estate tax. The federal estate tax exemption in 2014 is 5.34 million dollars. Some states have estate and/or inheritance taxes, as well, with different limits. Estate tax does not generally apply when there is a surviving spouse.

How  Much  Is  Enough  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
You should purchase long term care for your retirement years. The statistics are significant that youll experience a need for assisted living or perhaps nursing home confinement. The average married couple spends $250,000 on medical and extended care during their retirement years. Securing long term care is important, especially when youre healthy and heading into your late fifties, early sixties. Most married couples who purchase long term care in their early 60s are opting to purchase the maximum benefit with at least a 3% inflation rider. The total benefits generally run $7,000 a calendar month with max benefits of around $400,000 to $420,000 for two 60 year old non-smokers on a joint policy.

How  Much  Is  Renters  Insurance  Monthly?
In order to know how much Renters Insurance will cost you monthly, you'll need to obtain a renters insurance quote. If you seek the lowest premium you will need to purchase the minimum amount of personal property coverage, the minimum personal liability and the maximum deductible available; this will generate the lowest premium quote. In order to provide an online renters insurance quote and buy renters insurance online in multiple States; a link is available that may be useddirectly by Consumers. An exemplary online experience for all! WEBSITELINK Please review all coverage details prior to purchasing any insurance policy.

What  Health  Insurance  Is  Best  For  Pregnancy?
Typically, most policies you purchase from the Health Insurance Exchange (Marketplace) are going to have specific mandated "essential" benefits. The major variable will be the deductible and out of pocket expense. Maternity is one of these benefits. It's best to work with an experienced broker (and their website) so you can compare the most affordable options in your area. Check the network of providers, the track record of the insurer, along with their ratings. This information can be provided by us (experienced brokers).

Why  Is  Life  Insurance  Not  A  Contract  Of  Indemnity?
Life insurance is not a contract of indemnity because it is the other type of insurance contract, a "valued contract". Indemnity insurance pays a benefit equal to the financial loss and seeks to return the insured to their original financial position. It is impossible to succinctly assess the value of a life, to insure it with an indemnity contract. A valued contract pays a stated sum, regardless of the loss incurred, which is how life insurance operates.

How  Does  Critical  Illness  Insurance  Work?
When reviewing and comparing critical illness policies, you need to understand the definitions and exclusions. In some of the policies you may think you have a claim only to find it is denied because your medical condition does not match the policy language. Be sure to buy a health insurance policy, not a life policy with a critical illness rider.

How  Does  Group  Long  Term  Disability  Insurance  Work?
Group Long Term Disability Insurance is coverage that will replace a portion of your salary (usually about 50%) if you are injured severely enough that you cannot work for more than a few months; or have to miss work for an extended period of time due to the symptoms of, or treatments for, an illness. Many employers provide Short Term Disability, or "sick leave", during the first few months. Then the Long Term Disability Insurance kicks in.

What  Is  The  Best  Medicare  HMO?
Medicare Advantage plans come in different flavors including the HMO. In evaluating which plan is best for you, consider the following. Advantage HMO plans have limited networks. If your current doctor is not in the network you will need to switch doctors if you want your treatment covered. HMO plans generally offer in network coverage only. If you receive treatment outside the network you are responsible for 100% of the charges. Exceptions apply for emergency medical situations. Your out of pocket limit (usually $3000 - $6000) does not include out of network expenses. If you want more flexibility and would rather not deal with out of network penalties, you may want to consider a Medicare supplement plan. Original Medicare is accepted nationwide, there are no networks, and the supplement plan picks up approved Medicare charges that are not paid due to deductibles and coinsurance. For many, Medigap plan N or Hi F is a good alternative to a Medicare Advantage HMO plan.

Why  Get  Medicare  Supplemental  Insurance?
Medicare Supplemental Insurance helps pay for the things that Medicare Part A and B do not ocver, such as co-pays and prescription drugs. It allows you to choose doctors outside a specific network. It can cover you throughout the US and some plans even provide coverage while traveling overseas.

How  To  Get  Part  B  Medicare?
Most people will sign up for Medicare Part B when they turn age 65. If you are covered under an employers group health insurance plan, there is no need for you to sign up for Part B. You should wait until that coverage is ending and apply for Medicare Part B at that time.

Can  I  Rent  A  Uhaul  Without  Auto  Insurance?
Probably so, yes. You see, in many cases, if you had automobile insurance, it may not extend coverage onto a commercial van or truck like that anyway. So in a case like that even if you had your own insurance, you would need to obtain the coverage that Uhaul might offer as part of their package.

Does  Medicare  Automatically  Bill  Secondary  Insurance?
Your doctor or other medical provider does NOT bill your Medicare supplement carrier. All claims are electronically filed directly with Medicare. Medicare reviews and adjudicates the claim, then passes on the claim to your Medicare supplement carrier that is on record. This is all part of the crossover process where the claim moves from Medicare to your supplement carrier. WEBSITELINK Your supplement carrier does not adjudicate claims and cannot deny any claim approved by Medicare.

How  Much  Is  Health  Insurance  For  A  21  Year  Old?
House insurance rates for a 21-year old are typically low. AS a health insurance broker with 33 years of experience, I'll provide a short accurate and direct answer. Prices depend on many factors, including your zip code, smoking status and type of plan. Your income will also impact the amount of subsidy. Utilizing an experienced broker will allow you to quickly view the lowest rates and easily enroll for coverage.

What  Are  The  Best  Medigap  Policies?
The answer to that question really depends on what the consumer is wanting in a Medicare plan. Are you looking at a Medicare Advantage plan or do you prefer original Medicare? Original Medicare plans may offer the least out of pocket expense to the consumer if say you chose an "F" plan which would not have any co-pays, or deductibles or out of network costs to worry about. I would suggest you get with an experienced Medicare agent have them explain the differences between the plans and then you can decide which plan best fits your needs and budget.

Which  Life  Insurance  Has  A  Cash  Value?
Permanent life insurance is the type of life insurance that can have a cash value. Permanent life insurance includes all forms of Whole Life and Universal Life. Not all permanent policies have cash values. How much you pay in premium, and how much of your premium goes to pure protection vs building up cash values (as well as interest rates and other policy provisions), will determine your cash value.

Can  Life  Insurance  Tell  If  You  Smoke?
When you take a life insurance exam, the life insurance company can tell that you smoke by your blood and urine tests. If you do not take an exam, they will not have evidence of your tobacco use, unless they order medical records and it is noted in your medical records. However, they almost always ask whether you smoke on the application. You are expected to be truthful on the application for your policy to be a valid contract.

Can  You  Have  Homeowners  Insurance  On  Two  Homes?
You can, and it's not uncommon at all. However, there are guidelines the insurance company will want you to follow. Many people have a primary home and a vacation or summer home. These can both be insured with homeowners policies, with one being designated as a seasonal home. The only real requirement is that the owner is the one occupying both homes, even if one is seasonal. Some people will try to do this for a home they rent out because it's less expensive and the coverage is more broad. This is a big no-no. If there's a claim and the insurance company realizes that the owner is not the one occupying the home, they will void the coverage and deny the claim. Rental homes require a different policy that takes into account the rental exposure. As long as you're following the rules, you'll be fine insuring two homes. Just be smart and do it the right way.

Can  The  IRS  Take  Life  Insurance  Money?
There is no income tax paid on life insurance benefits, in most cases. Life insurance does not go through probate if the beneficiary of the life insurance policy is a person. If the estate is large enough, estate taxes must be paid on life insurance. So in that respect, the IRS can take life insurance money, through applicable taxes. If you are asking if the IRS can take the proceeds of a life insurance policy if the insured person passes while owing back pay to the IRS, if the beneficiary is a person, the IRS cannot take the life insurance money from the beneficiary. An exception would be if the beneficiary filed jointly with the insured, or if the beneficiary owed his/her own money to the IRS.

What  Is  The  Average  Premium  For  Health  Insurance?
The average premium, before ACA, was based on your height, weight, are you a smoker, and other "lifestyle questions" such as do you skydive, race motorcycles, that could drive up the costs of your insurance policy. Now that ObamaCare has demonstrated we had the best policies and procedures, with te exception of "pre-existing exclusions", I will not be surprised that some significant changes are made to ObamaCare and the principles stated above will still control. We cannot have another "social security style program" because the young is not going to want to pay for my insurance coverage and I can understand that.

Can  My  Health  Insurance  Company  Cancel  My  Policy?
Yes, but only under very specific circumstances generally involving some type of fraud by the applicant. An example that will probably become more prevalent since the latest implementation of the Affordable Care Act and the very substantial differences in insurance premium costs that can now exist from one side of a state line to another would be where an applicant claims residence in a state with lower health insurance costs when they actually live in another state where costs are higher.

Can  You  Have  Two  Term  Life  Insurance  Policies?
You can have as many life insurance policies as you want, term or whole life, as long as you can afford the premium. Many people start out with a policy they can afford and later take out additional insurance as their need for more insurance changes and they can afford more.

How  Do  401K  Loans  Work?
401 k is an investment that allows your employers or individual to put earnings that are not taxed until you use them. They have certain penalties for early withdraw fees. Normally you have to be 591/2 years old to cash in or use the account. Its has certain tax benefits for retirement. The investments are up to the employer usually.

Why  Is  Disability  Insurance  Important  In  Financial  Planning?
Disability insurance is important in financial planning because, without it, there may not be income to invest or save. The loss of a paycheck due to disability disrupts even day to day living, and much more so, long term goals. Disability replaces income in place of a disability, an important part of most financial plans.

Can  You  Have  Life  Insurance  While  On  Medicaid?
Absolutely, you can obtain life insurance while on medicaid. Medicaid is health insurance. Health and life insurance are mutually exclusive so having one does not prevent you from having the other. In fact, life insurance is often a very prudent and savvy addition to anyone's financial and estate planning portfolio.

Can  I  Buy  Car  Insurance  For  Just  One  Month?
You can buy car insurance for one month. You can buy coverage for three months, six months or most other time periods. When you bu a policy, you will be required to pay a premium, which may be up to 33% of the 6-month policy charge. After one month, you can request to terminate the policy.

What  Is  The  Need  For  Health  Insurance?
The need for health insurance? I will answer your question with original content that has never been posted elsewhere. You need health insurance to protect you if you suffer an illness, injury, or other medical condition that you can not pay out-of-pocket. Of course, hopefully, you will remain healthy and never have to use coverage!

Is  A  Slab  Leak  Covered  By  Homeowners  Insurance?
If the cause of a slab leak is a named peril the leak will be covered. In an all-risk policy that includes every conceivable cause of loss except those specifically excluded. Some of those exclusions could cause a slab to leak. There isnt coverage if the slab leaks because of underground water, or earth movement. If the crack was the result of settling, cracking, or shrinking the claim would not be covered.

Which  Company  Is  Best  For  Health  Insurance  In  India?
It is really impossible to say any one company is "best" for all situations. To determine the best plan for your personal situation, I suggest speaking with a licensed insurance agent, one who represents all the major companies in your area. That is the only way to ensure you receive honest, expert advice, based on your personal needs. If you are eligible for financial assistance from the Affordable Care act, you should also make sure the agent you speak to is certified to sell on the exchange. There are only a small number of companies offering "Omabacare" plans in Indiana at this time. In some counties, Anthem Blue Cross is the only company available on the exchange at all. They do offer several different plans, with varying costs and coverage.

Can  You  Have  Two  Insurance  Policies  On  The  Same  Car?
You can but your not supposed to. Having two polices will not addcoverageor multiplycoverage's All having two polices will do is create a claimnightmareas both companies would have to step in a split the cost or decide who is going to pay. Either way two polices create problems and it's not worth it.

What  Does  Dave  Ramsey  Say  About  Car  Insurance?
Dave Ramsey provides very basic and usually helpful information to consumers. However, to get the best rate in your area from the best available carrier, an experienced broker will be a much better resource. State laws vary and an experienced broker will be able to shop for you (at no cost) and present you with the best options.

Does  Medigap  Cover  Pre  Existing  Conditions?
Yes, a Medigap policy will cover all of your per-existing conditions, as long as a portion of your treatments are covered by Medicare. This is one reason it is s important to enroll for a Medigap plan when you are first eligible, when coverage is guaranteed issue. If you try to apply outside of an open enrollment period, and have pre-existing health problems, you can be turned down for coverage. Like other types of insurance, you need to BUY NOW, before you need it, so coverage will be available when the time comes that you have a need.

What  Is  The  Best  Health  Insurance  For  A  Single  Female?
Great question! The answer can be found by asking yourself a few simple questions. The first is how healthy am I? do I visit the Doctor only for the occasional check up, or do I have an issue that requires more frequent visits? If you rarely need the doctor, then maybe a plan with a higher deductible, and co-pays is a cheaper and better plan. If you have more frequent needs, then look for a plan that has lower co-pays and deductibles. When the WEBSITELINK site becomes available for enrolment again, try there, and see if you qualify for help with your plan payments. If you need help, please feel free to contact me, okay? Thanks for asking!

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Water  Leaks?
That is going to depend on the cause of the water leak in the first place. If the damage to your property that was caused by the water leak was caused by a covered incident then you may be covered. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage that is provided and any exclusions that there may be.

Why  Is  The  Market  For  Long-Term  Care  Insurance  So  Small?
The market for Long Term Care Insurance really is not a small market. Thousands of people who need Long Term Care Insurance do not purchase it for one reason or another: price, denial, and lack of information all play a part. However, the market is reduced by age (most people do not have an interest in purchasing long term care insurance before age 50), health (at older ages, more people are disqualified due to health problems), income (many retired persons do not have the income to sustain payment of long term care insurance premiums), and assets (without assets to protect, there is less need for LTCI coverage).

What  Is  Life  Insurance  Net  Cash  Value?
The net cash value of a life insurance policy is the amount of cash that you would receive if you were to surrender the policy. It is the current cash value accumulation, minus any fees or surrender charges. The net cash value will also subtract from the cash value, any loans you had taken out against your policy.

How  To  Get  Renters  Insurance  Online?
Renters Insurance Online can be purchased directly through Stillwater Insurance Group. In order to produce the lowest premium in your State, you will need to select the minimum personal property coverage sufficient to cover your personal belongings, the minimum liability coverage acceptable to you and the maximum deductible that you're willing to handle. There is a link providing an online format to obtain a quote and buy renters insurance online in multiple States; may be useddirectly by Consumers. An exemplary online experience for all! WEBSITELINK

Where  Do  You  Purchase  Health  Insurance?
Health insurance can be purchased from a number of different resources. However, to ensure you receive unbiased advice, the lowest rates and current federal subsidy information, an experienced broker and their website is your best resource. As a broker for more than 32 years, the phrase "we shop so you can save," fits perfectly. It's important to have experience and guidance on your side so you can get quality healthcare at the lowest rates.

Who  Has  To  Have  Renters  Insurance?
In California there isnt a state law requiring a renters policy. Your landlord may require it as a condition to lease the property to you. Whether it is required or not, you accept a substantial risk when you lease property. If someone is injured on your rental property you can face a lawsuit that would bankrupt you. If there is a fire or other disaster, your personal property could go up in smoke and there wouldnt be anyone to replace it. The risk is great, the premium is little.

What  Is  Whole  Life  Insurance  With  Cash  Value?
Some life insurance accumulates equity, known as cash value. Some does not. If you buy Term insurance, which is temporary, with a rate guaranteed for a specific number of years, it will never accumulate cash value. However, if you buy permanent life insurance, either whole life or universal life, it will accumulate equity. Equity can be borrowed against and even then kept and never paid back, totally tax free, although it will generally lower the death benefit if not repaid. Cash value can be used for retirement, or even for college funding. That money is tax free. While it starts out costing more, at the end, it definitely is cheaper long term and can even pay its own premium out of the accumulated cash value. Talk with an experienced agent. Love to help. Thank you. GARY LANE.

How  To  Save  For  Your  Retirement  At  30?
The fact that this is your question is significant. I often ask people to take their picture and go to the internet where they can have the picture morphed to age 65. When they have the picture, ask the picture what they should do for retirement. You are never too young to begin saving for retirement and if you are thirty there is an awfully good chance that you will spend almost half of your life retired. If you are working for a company that offers a retirement program, that is the first place to look. What you are looking for is the maximum amount that your employer will match of your contributions and what you must do to get those matching funds. This is free money and is best regardless of other difficulties you might see with the plan. At the same time check the vesting schedule to see if you will be able to actually receive those benefits depending upon how long you reasonably expect to work for the company. Since your company controls all the investments that your retirement plan might have, you might want to think twice before contributing more than the minimum required to get the maximum matching funds. It is worth noting that the company sponsored plan is probably covered under ERISA and that gives you some guarantees you cannot get elsewhere. The whole financial world is out looking for additional contributions that you might want to make to your retirement. My first advice is to get a planner with whom you are comfortable. Some planners dont listen well and you really want one that will listen to your dreams and aspirations. The planner you want will communicate clearly with you and with any companies that help manage your money. It will be his job to match your dreams to your abilities to provide for those dreams. If your planner constantly boasts about his advice and returns on investment, look for the exit. High returns on investments often go hand in hand with disastrous results. The fundamental thing to remember about retirement planning is that return on investment is not the key issue. The key issue is shifting consumption. When you move capital to your future you accomplish your mission. Fundamentally, saving for retirement is consuming less now so you can consume more lately. The return on investment is frosting on the cake. Many who leaned on return on investment found themselves unable to retire in 2008. That was recently. Without stepping into your planners shoes, I would like to point out that you are probably in a lower income tax bracket now than you will be in the future. This makes it important to consider a Roth IRA as your funding vehicle. While not giving you a current tax break it does provide a retirement benefit that cannot be obtained elsewheretax free income. There are other significant benefits but being able to drawn down a tax free account is a wonderful option.

Is  It  Worth  Having  Critical  Illness  Insurance?
I have friends who have collected on critical illness insurance policies, and it definitely was worth it, to them. Insurance is protection against the unknown, so one never knows whether it will be worth it for you or not. If there are illnesses covered by critical illness policies that run in your family, the policy would most likely have more value to you than to a family that does not appear to carry risk for cancer, stroke, etc.

Can  Pilots  Get  Life  Insurance?
Yes, pilots have lots of choices when it comes to life insurance. If the pilot flies a commercial airplane, there are more companies that will cover them (even while piloting the aircraft), than those who are fly small, private planes. But even private plane pilots can get preferred ratings if they opt for a life insurance policy that excludes death while flying as a pilot.

When  To  Buy  Auto  Insurance?
When should you buy auto insurance? If you are currently uninsured, now is the time to get covered, considering the fines, penalties and possible license suspension risks. Your rate may be lower than you realize when you utilize an experienced online broker and their website. It's important to secure the best coverage at the lowest available rates. Experienced broker shop the major companies for you and allow you to quickly compare the best prices and get covered!

Is  Medicare  Coverage  The  Same  In  All  States?
Medicare Part A and B benefits are the same in every state. It's also known as Original Medicare. If you have a Medigap Plan (aka Medicare Supplement Insurance), your policy benefits are the same regardless of which state you use the plan in. Meaning, if you purchased a Medigap Plan in your state of residence, you can use the Plan and the benefits in any other state as long as you visit a Medicare approved provider. Medicare Part D (Prescription Drug Coverage) and Medicare Part C (Advantage Plans) are not quite as clear cut and depend on your specific plan benefits.

What  Is  Covered  By  Car  Insurance?
The automobile is covered by an auto policy. This is a key issue. Regardless of the operator, the coverage is on the automobile. The primary and secondary policyholders are named and there is a very limited amount of liability coverage that extends if a policyholder is operating another car, owned by another insured and the claim exceeds the limits carried on that second automobile. Almost everything in the policy is focused on the named automobile.

What  Is  Individual  Flexible  Premium  Variable  Life  Insurance?
That is a great question! There are a couple of types of life insurance, each with certain functions, guarantees, and returns. The term policies are short lived, have a determined end date, and are very simple policies, with few frills. Whole life policies are a little more complex, but have sure guarantees of the payout, and cost of premiums. They are set, and guaranteed. Then there are the variable life policies. These are another type of animal altogether. They were designed to give the insurance consumer an option that was more like stocks or mutual funds in their ability to generate returns. The premiums are said to be "flexible", because you can overpay, pay the suggested premium, pay less than the suggested, or skip altogether one month. The catch is that this type of policy works off of the cash you put into it, and the ability of your investment choices to generate a positive return. Since there are typically very few (if any) guarantees, the risk of the performance is yours, not the insurers. This policy can cost you money, and go belly up, if you are not a wise investor, and able to make larger premium payments when needed.I will be honest - I like my clients to keep their money, and add to what they have in a safe and secure way. I do not recommend these policies to my clients. I hope that helps, if you would like more details, please feel free to contact me. Thanks for asking!

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Naturopathic  Doctors?
Unfortunately in most cases the answer is no. Naturopathy is not general accepted because it is considered to be an alternative health practice not generally sanctioned by the AMA. Since health care in the US and most of the world has been taken over by the drug companies, any type of practice that utilizes and promotes natural methods over drugs is not considered accepted medical practice regardless of its effectiveness. To me this is unfortunate because it could save millions in health care costs.

Is  Skilled  Nursing  Care  Covered  By  Medicare?
Treatment in a Skilled Nursing Facility (SNF) may be covered by Medicare under certain conditions. You must have been admitted to the SNF following a qualified stay in a hospital (usually 3 days or more) and discharged to the SNF. Your doctor must certify that you need nursing care for a condition related to your hospitalization.

Who  Can  I  Put  On  My  Auto  Insurance?
Every driver in your household, unless excluded, should be included on your auto policy. If you routinely loan your car to someone who is not a member of your household, you are not required to put them on the policy. This is particularly troublesome when the owner of the car loans the car to someone else on a long term basis. However, if the car is involved in an accident that information flows back to the owner of the car and the insurance policy.

Why  Must  Employers  Provide  Health  Insurance?
Only employers with more than 50 employees are required to provide health insurance. Employers with less than 50 employees are not required to provide health insurance under the Affordable Care Act. If an employer has more than 50 employees, they must either provide health insurance or pay a fine for each uninsured employee. This requirement was put in place with the idea that large employers have a responsibility to society and their employees to provide for their health needs.

What  Are  Medicare  J  Codes?
Medicare J codes are used to determine what reimbursement should be given to Medicare providers of injectable drugs that ordinarily cannot be self-administered. These include chemotherapy, immunosuppressive drugs, inhalation solutions and some orally administered drugs. They must be medically necessary, cannot be self-administered, and are not immunizations,

How  Does  A  Retirement  Plan  Work?
How does a retirement plan work? A retirement plan is something where you systematically contribute towards your future needs in hopefully a tax favorable manner. A retirement plan can be what ever you choose it to be, if your idea is saving for retirement. That said, a person should look at the many tax advantaged options that are out there for their benefit. The big thing however, it doesn't matter what you choose if you fail to fund it. The best retirement plans are the ones funded by the participants and/or employers. A passbook savings account with money in it is far better than a 401(k) that was never participated in.

Why  Is  Health  Insurance  Necessary?
Why is health insurance necessary? Actually it's not necessary, at least for another year. In 2014 changes will be coming. But as of today, health insurance is not necessary to have. You can self insure. The thing is if you self insure and have claims, you're expected to pay them. So you would have to surrender assests to pay that bill. Insurance of ANY KIND is simply a form of liquid money to pay for things so that your other invested wealth can "stay" invested. So no insurance is never necessary, it just is a smart solution for some issues.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  The  Yard?
It may, most homeowners policy's include a percentage of the total coverage for plants and trees on the insured property less the policy deductible and up to the policy limits. Please read your policy completely to know what coverage is provided and what exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

How  Can  I  Compare  Renters  Insurance  Quotes  In  Wisconsin?
Obtain quotes from an Independent Insurance Agency. Their agentshave the opportunity to quote you with several different carriers and can let you know which carriers are most competetive and what type of coverage they offer. Be sure to find a Trusted Choice Agency. Check out: WEBSITELINK

What  Kind  Of  Auto  Insurance  Is  Required?
Minimum coverage is applied different in every State. In Oregon you are required to carry Liability coverage with a minimum bodily injury/property damage limit at $25,000/$50,000/$20000. This is the minimum coverage to drive legally in the State of Oregon. Your lienholder might have other requirements to protect their investment, and require you to carry comprehensive and collision coverage as well. I always ask clients if you carry the minimum coverage of $25,000 and injure someone in an auto accident. Would you be able to pay the difference if they sue you for $100,000. If the answer is no, then you should consider increasing your liability limits. In the State of Oregon you can not file bankruptcy on a judgement from and accident and the difference is normaly paid through wage garnishments and judgements.Its well worth the extra money for the extra protection.

How  Much  Does  A  Good  Health  Insurance  Cost?
It varies from person to person. Your age, where you live, if you use tobacco products, and if you qualify for a subsidy to reduce your premium will determine how much a good policy is going to cost. Under the Affordable Care Act, you have the options for bronze, silver, gold, and platinum level plans (as you go up in metal, the price goes up, but provides better benefits) - some areas also have a catastrophic plan available. In addition, your age is a big factor as well. The younger you are, the cheaper your premium - the older you are, the higher your premium. Also, if you use tobacco products, your premium can be increased up to 50% as well. All of the plans offer good coverage. A silver or gold plan are your middle of the road type of plans because they provide strong coverage at an affordable price. I always recommend consulting with an experienced health insurance broker before you apply for anything. We can help you determine the plan that's going to be most suitable for your needs and budget. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Theft  Of  Cash?
It may, but more than likely a very limited amount and may be subject to your policy deductible. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

What  Does  Medicare  Supplement  Plan  G  Cover?
Medicare supplement Plan G covers the following benefits: 1. Medicare Part A coinsurance and hospital costs up to an additional 365 days after Medicare benefits are used up 2. Medicare Part B coinsurance or copayment 3. Blood (first 3 pints) 4. Part A hospice care coinsurance or copayment 5. Skilled nursing fcility care coinsurance 6. Medicare Part A deductible 7. Medicare Part B excess charges 8. Foreign Travel Emergency (up to plan limits) Out of the 9 benefits available under Medicare supplement (Medigap) plans, Plan G covers 8 of them - the 9th benefit being your Medicare Part B deductible ($147 in 2014 - covered under plans C and F). Plan F covers all 9 benefits. Medicare supplement plans are standardized! Meaning plan G from company A is the same plan G from company B. Work with an independent agent/broker that can compare different carriers to determine which will be most suitable for your program.

What  Does  State  Farm  Home  Insurance  Cover?
State Farm, of course,is one of the largest insurers in the US and is very reputable. State Farm, like other major carriers, offers many types of homeowners policies. For example, if you own and occupy the home, the most common policy will cover your structure, contents, detached structures and also provide coverage for medical payments to others, liability and additional living expenses in the event of specific situations. Also, condominium and renter's policies are offered along with contracts for homes you own but do not occupy. Visiting a reputable insurance website will provide more specific details along with free quotes from additional carriers.

What  Are  Some  Factors  To  Consider  When  Buying  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Some factors to consider are, first of all, finding a plan for which you can qualify. If you do not have any serious health conditions and can get nearly any plan you want, then some things you will want to consider are how long you want the plan to last, how many months you want the elimination period to be, the daily amount you want to purchase, the amount of Cost of Living increase to get, and whether you want home health care to be paid with no elimination period. Consider your savings and investments and how much you would be willing to part with if you needed long term care. You can save premium by increasing the elimination period and other adjustments, if you can afford to do so.

Who  Are  Most  Likely  To  Use  Annuities  And  Why?
Annuities are used for a variety of reasons; (1) stable interest rate which is equal to or higher than what CD's offer, (2) surrender charges typically decrease the longer you hold onto the annuity (3) it is secured by the assets of an Insurance company which is pretty stable (4) it is can offer both a fixed payment and regular payments. People looking for stability, long term savings and security tend to utilize annuities to accomplish this goal.

How  Much  Is  Car  Insurance  For  A  College  Student?
Car insurance for a college student is often very cheap, depending upon where you live and the type of vehicle you are insuring. Your age, the vehicle, your driving record, and the liability limits and deductibles will all help determine the rate. Also...a good student discount can potentially reduce premiums and save hundreds of dollars. Other available discounts can also save money, including a reduction if you are more than 300-500 miles from home. How do you get the lowest auto insurance rates for college students? Let an experienced broker search and compare multiple companies and you'll save money, time and an immense amount of frustration! LIVE answer provided by: Ed Harris - Premier car insurance broker for 33 years and owner of several of the nation's top-rated car insurance websites that offer the lowest prices for consumers. Online quotes in about a minute.

How  Can  I  Find  Out  If  I  Am  A  Life  Insurance  Beneficiary?
To find out if you are a life insurance beneficiary, the only way I know is to ask the person who owns the policy. Unfortunately, you will not be given that information by the life insurance company unless you are the owner of the policy, so even if you know the company, it probably will not do any good to call them.

What  Is  A  Health  Insurance  Network?
A health insurance network is a list of healthcare providers and facilities where you can go for medical evaluations and treatment and have the expenses covered by your health insurance plan with the least amount of cost to you. This is commonly referred to as being "in-network". If you go to a healthcare provider or facility outside of the plan network, the care would be considered "out-of-network" and expenses incurred would not be covered by the plan, unless it's a medical emergency. Some plans will still provide coverage if you go to an out-of-network provider or facility, but you would be responsible for a larger portion of the expenses than if you went to an in-network provider or facility. Please feel free to contact me for further assistance. Thanks very much.

Can  You  Add  Parents  To  Your  Health  Insurance?
It is not permissible to add parents to your health insurance . The only dependents that are allowed are children and step-children as well as a spouse. Since health insurance is now guarantee issue and no one can be turned down parents should be able to purchase health insurance with no issues.

Where  Should  I  Invest  If  I  Cannot  Use  A  Roth  IRA?
There are important reasons why you would be interested in having a Roth IRA. Participation is restricted by income which results in many people who really need the benefits of a Roth IRA being unable to open an account. You probably appreciate that the Roth IRA pays benefits after age 59.5 that can be received income tax free. Other qualified plans tax the entire distribution as current income. Unlike a traditional IRA, 403(b), 401(k) and other plans there arent any mandatory distributions at age 70.5. These mandatory distributions are fully taxable as ordinary income. The Roth IRA also provides tax benefits that would pass to beneficiaries should you die prior to exhausting your Roth IRA. If you decide to use the funds in the IRA for educational expenses, for a child or yourself, there isnt the 10% penalty tax assessed as there is in the case of the traditional IRA. You can use the funds for helping in the event of a disability, or use the money for a first-time home purchase, without penalty or tax if the plan has been in effect for more than five years. An easy way to invest in a Roth IRA is to open a regular IRA and when you are done making contributions, convert it to a Roth IRA. You would be taxed on the value of the traditional IRA as though it were current income, however, with some planning you could probably arrange for that to have the same impact that you would have experienced with making the Roth IRA contributions currently. If you have an employer sponsored plan you should contact the plan administrator and tell them that you want a Roth option for their plan. This is not unusual in 401(k) and 403(b) plans. The money could be invested in a Roth 403(b) for example and receive the same treatment as the Roth IRA. The contribution limits would be much higher. The employer might consider this plan particularly advantageous to the more highly compensated employees, but it is a great benefit for all employees. The Third Party Administrator for your employers sponsored plan probably has the language already prepared to institute a Roth option. The fact that so few plans offer a Roth option is due to poor communications. This should be an option that your employer would favor. Your senior people will love the option. It would be a great benefit for all the employees. A permanent life insurance policy has many of the same characteristics of the Roth IRA. Much like the Roth IRA the premiums are paid with after tax dollars. There isnt any current tax deduction for the deposit. In the same way the life insurance policy and Roth IRA provide for a tax deferred (and ultimately tax-free) accumulation of cash inside the policy. With the life insurance policy there isnt any restriction on borrowing the money from the cash value. The careful use of loans can result in recovering the cash value without paying income tax. Universal life insurance policies and variable life insurance policies have the ability to accumulate significant amounts of money in this way. Unlike the Roth IRA there arent any income restrictions to participating in a life insurance policy. There isnt a restriction on the amount that you put into the plan. Contributions are at your discretion. Of course the life insurance policy is also self-completing should you die before reaching withdrawing benefits. The variable life insurance policies also afford a person with the option of selecting a mix of security based solutions that will rise and fall with the market. Again, this is similar to some of the investment characteristics found in Roth IRA vehicles.

Who  Are  Good  Home  Insurance  Companies?
There are many goodhomeowner'scompanies.Amongsome of the largest and most reputable carriers are Farmers, Allstate, State Farm,USAA, Nationwide and Liberty Mutual. Naturally, rates will be different depending where you live and what type of coverage you have on your home, personal property etc... A broker/agent can very quickly gather some information and provide you with a free analysis of the best homeowner's insurance prices in your area. You may be eligible for some substantial discounts that will reduceyourrate.

How  Much  Is  A  Health  Insurance  Policy?
The cost of a health insurance policy can vary, depending upon many factors. Although your health conditions will soon not be a factor, your age and zip code will, in part, determine what you pay. If you're not a high income earner, your premium could be incredibly low. Otherwise, with a big family and large income, you will pay more. However, an HSA would help reduce your rates. As experienced brokers with top-rated websites, we help consumers find the lowest prices from the best insurers in their area. Quotes, of course, are always free.

When  Is  The  Best  Age  To  Buy  Life  Insurance?
The age you are now. The time to buy life insurance is the sooner and earlier the better. The younger you are the lower the rate, all other things being equal. And you can lock that rate in for the rest of your life with permanent, and for 20 years with term. What is you became uninsurable? You can protect your kids the rest of their lives from worrying about insurability. You can protect yourself when you might not be able to do so later. Do it now! Thank you. GARY LANE.

Who  Sells  Disability  Insurance?
While most Life brokers are able to sell DI, you may want to find an independent agent who specializes in selling DI so they can shop around and find you the best quote. If you work with an agent who represents a specific company, they can only provide you with one quote, whereas an independent agent can provide you with quotes from all companies. You can also go through an MGA like Disability Insurance Services and they will connect you with a broker in your area who is already contracted with most carriers and will be able to assist you.

What  Does  Disability  Insurance  Do  For  You?
Disability insurance, also referred to as paycheck protection, pays a monthly benefit to the insured should he or she become disabled to an illness or injury. The monthly benefit is typically 60-65% of one's income. The average US worker only has 3 months worth of cash reserves, so disability insurance would help offset the costs brought on by a long-term disability.

What  Happens  To  My  Life  Insurance  When  I  Die?
In most cases, the death benefit is paid to your beneficiary and the policy is terminated. With some special forms of life insurance the results are different. If you have a joint life policy where two individuals are covered, the policy proceeds are paid and the surviving individual receives a new policy at current rates with them listed as the insured. If the policy is a last to die policy, proceeds are not paid until the surviving insured dies.

What  Does  POS  Mean  In  Health  Insurance?
POS in health insurance refers to Point Of Service. It's a type of plan that combines aspects of HMO and PPO plans without the cost of care depending on whether you receive your healthcare in network or out of network. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help or if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Is  Life  Insurance  Guaranteed?
Life insurance is mathematics. The numbers can be juggled so that the company assumes responsibility for everything and issues a guaranteed policy, or you can assume some responsibility for investment results and purchase a policy in which there are fewer guarantees. The key issue is that all companies will provide coverage for a specified period of time if the specified premiums are paid.

Is  Eye  Test  Covered  By  Medicare?
That is a great question! Unfortunately, Medicare is very unhelpful when it comes to vision or dental coverage. It will help pay when there are serious issues, but doesn't cover preventative or routine visits. Hopefully one day that will change. Your best bet is to find a stand alone policy that will help cover those costs. If you have diabetes however, you are entitled to a once a year eye exam to test for diabetic retinopathy. If you would like help finding a stand alone policy, please feel free to contact me, I'm happy to help. Thank you for asking!

Who  Sells  Medicare  Supplement  Plan  F?
There are several insurance companies in Florida that sell Medigap Plan F. Medigap Plan F, in Florida, will result in a pretty high premium compared to other states in the country. But if you don't want to be bothered with co-insurance, co-payments or deductibles, then Plan F will meet your benefit needs. As a licensed independent agent in Florida, I can share with you the companies and Plan F rates that are available.

Do  I  Need  Medicare  Supplement  Insurance?
Jeff Foxworthy might say, "You might need a Medicare supplement insurance policy if . . . You get shot for looking at another man's birddog and you can't afford to go to the hospital. After Medicare pays their portion you offer to settle your bill by arm wrestling in a winner take all match. Medicare only pays 80% of your hospital bill and the only way you can pay the other 20% is to sell your pick up truck with the big tires and gun rack in the back window. #GeorgiaMedigapPlanRates #GeorgiaMedicarePlans #GaMedigapQuotes

Can  Creditors  Come  After  Life  Insurance?
In Canada, products issued by a life insurance company, life insurance, annuities, investment funds (segregated fund, variable annuities) are afforded creditor protection if: The beneficiary is in the preferred class: spouse, child, grandchild or parent of the life insured or The beneficiary is irrevocable beneficiary. (No changes to contract can be made without written permission of an irrevocable beneficiary) Protection is in cases of unforeseen bankruptcy. Since there are circumstances where creditor protection may not apply, it is recommended that you consult a legal advisor to find out if you are eligible for this protection. When the death when received is an asset of the beneficiary and is protected from the creditors of the policy owner. No protection if the beneficiary is the policy owners's estate. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me. If you would like to work with a local life insurance broker, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: life insurance broker Halifax or life insurance agent Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find a life insurance broker in your community.

What  Is  Not  Typically  Covered  By  Homeowners  Insurance?
This is a list of some of the general exclusions in a homeowners policy: 1. Freezing, Discharge, Leakage or Overflow - Unoccupied Residence: We do not pay for damage if the dwelling is vacant, unoccupied (including temporary absence) or under construction, unless the insured takes reasonable care to: a. maintain heat in the building; or b. shut off the water supply and completely empty liquids from any plumbing, heating or air-conditioning system, water heater or domestic appliance. If any insured fails to do this, we do not pay for loss caused by freezing or the resulting discharge, leakage, or overflow from the system, water heater or domestic appliance. 2. Freezing, Thawing, Pressure or Weight of Ice or Water: We do not pay for damage to structures (other than buildings or carports) such as pools, fences, retaining walls, septic tanks, piers, wharves, foundations, patios, and paved areas caused by freezing, thawing, or pressure or weight of ice or water, whether wind driven or not. 3. Theft: We do not pay for theft or attempted theft from the insured premises while the dwelling is: a. under construction and unoccupied; or b. vacant for more than 60 consecutive days immediately before the loss. Theft does not include acceptance of counterfeit money, fraudulent post office or express money orders, or acceptance of checks or promissory notes which are not paid upon presentation. We do not pay for theft or attempted theft committed by an insured or tenant. 4. Vandalism or Malicious Mischief or Glass Breakage: We do not pay for loss caused by vandalism, malicious mischief or breakage of glass or other glazing materials while the dwelling is vacant for more than 60 consecutive days immediately before the loss. A dwelling under construction is not considered vacant. We do not pay for loss caused by vandalism, malicious mischief or glass breakage committed by a tenant. We do not pay for loss caused by vandalism or malicious mischief committed by an insured. We do not pay for loss caused by glass breakage committed by an insured while the dwelling is vacant for more than 60 consecutive days immediately before the loss. 5. Seepage or Leakage: We do not pay for loss caused by repeated or continuous seepage or leakage of liquids or steam from within a plumbing, heating or air-conditioning system, water heater, or domestic appliance. We do pay for loss caused by the accidental leakage, overflow, or discharge of liquids or steam from a plumbing, heating, or airconditioning system or domestic appliance. We also pay the reasonable cost of removing and replacing those parts of the dwelling or related private structure necessary to make repairs. We do not pay for loss to the system or domestic appliance from which the liquid or steam escapes. 6. Settling, Cracking, Shrinking, Bulging, or Expanding: We do not pay for loss caused by the settling, cracking, shrinking, bulging or expanding of a dwelling or other structure (or any part of them), or pavements or patios. 7. Vermin, Rodents, Insects or Domestic Animals: We do not pay for loss caused by vermin, rodents, insects or domestic animals. 8. Smoke: We do not pay for damage caused by smoke from agricultural smudging or industrial operations. We do pay for direct loss by fire, explosion, or smoke (not otherwise excluded) which results from any of the above. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Rheumatoid  Arthritis?
Medicare will cover any medically necessary treatment involved in diagnosing and managing rheumatoid arthritis under part B. If a hospital stay is required then Part A would come into play. Any pain medication and prescriptions would be covered under Part D, your prescription drug plan. Over the counter medications would not be covered.

Why  Would  My  Home  Insurance  Double  In  Price?
This could be caused by many factors. The carrier may have experience an exceptional number claims within your geographic location and now are looking to make the premiums match more closely with the risk that have within that area. Your credit rating could influence you premium. If you have experience a large claim or more than one smaller claims within the last five years this could also be affecting your rate. There are just too many variables to say with certainty what would cause your rate to increase so dramatically. I would suggest calling your carrier directly to ask for an explanation or contact your local agent to inquire about the rate change.

How  To  Switch  Life  Insurance  Companies?
In short, you can't simply switch companies for your existing coverage - you need to apply for a new policy with the new carrier and go through new underwriting. Once the new coverage is in force, you can let the old policy lapse on its own (by no longer paying the premiums) or outright terminate it. The advantage of buying a new term insurance policy is that you have a new term period to work with. For permanent insurance, you may find a policy that offers lower monthly premiums or features better guarantees inside the policy - completing a 1035 exchange (rolling over the cash value of the old policy to the new policy) can reduce your monthly premiums. If you have a term insurance policy, you may have a conversion option available that would allow you to convert all or a portion of the face amount from a term policy to a permanent program - this keeps the same risk class as the earlier program and does not require any new medical underwriting (a great advantage if you've got preferred rates and have a medical condition that puts you at standard or sub-standard rates or would otherwise decline you under a new policy).

How  Long  Can  A  Life  Insurance  Company  Take  To  Pay  A  Claim?
Life insurance is designed to pay claims very quickly. It can take a little as a few days to a few weeks from the time the insurance company receives the death certificate and completed forms from the authorized party. In the event of death in the first two policy years, the insurer will need more time to investigate the claim as death occurred within the two year contestability period of the policy. Even then you are likely still looking at a few weeks but it can take longer. State laws determine maximum time and they vary so check with your state's department of insurance.

Who  Sells  Credit  Life  Insurance?
Credit life insurance is a marketing name for decreasing term life insurance. Most large purchases such as a car, appliance or electronics, will offer you a credit life insurance plan. The most common type of decreasing term life insurance is mortgage life insurance. The reason it is set up as decreasing term life insurance is due to the repayment of the debt. For example, you purchase a home with $100,000 mortgage on 15 years. The face amount is $100,000 at time of purchase. However, you pass away at year ten. The mortgage owed is now $30,000, the face amount has now deceased from $100,000 to $30,000. You would have been better off purchasing a 15 year term life policy for the $100,000 and have your loved ones collect the $70,000 difference in face amount instead of losing this amount to the insurance company. Try to steer clear of credit life unless your health situation is too bad to qualify for regular life insurance. Good luck.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Slander?
Slander is normally not covered under a standard Homeowners insurance policy or Ho-3. You can add an endorsement, or rider, to the policy for Personal Injury Coverage that would usually cover slander. Liability coverage is provided under a standard homeowners policy but is limited to bodily injury and property damage. Make sure you speak with your independent insurance agent because each policy has different coverage's and different forms. Ideally, you would like an ISO (insurance services organization) form with the ability to add a "Personal Injury Endorsement"). Additionally, some insurance companies have different tiers that may already include coverage for slander. Check your policy with your agent for full details. Hope this answer helps.

Why  Don'T  People  Buy  Disability  Insurance?
People don't buy Disability Insurance because they feel they can't afford it, because they don't think that they will ever become disabled, because they assume someone will take care of them if they do become disabled, because they are confused on how to go about buying Disability Insurance, or because they just don't like to think about it. A quick call to a reputable life insurance agent who sells disability coverage can help clarify prices and process and help them get on the road to protecting their families if a disability occurred.

How  Much  Is  Medicare  Donut  Hole?
Medicare does not have a donut hole. Perhaps you are thinking of Medicare Part D, the private prescription drug plan. In 2013 the Part D donut hole is $2970. Under Obamacare the donut hole will gradually close a little each year until 2020 when the hole will close completely. Of course there is a cost associated with transferring donut hole risk to the carrier. Medicare Part D premiums will rise, copay's will rise and drug tiers will shift resulting in higher out of pocket costs for those who use a lot of medications, especially if those drugs are higher priced.

Is  Life  Insurance  Part  Of  Your  Net  Worth?
That is a great question! As a rule, while you are living, the benefit amount is not since the face value of the policy is not an asset that you personally will be able to use. The death benefit is an intangible asset, until you pass, and assuming that you have a named beneficiary, will not become a part of your estate, but will increase the amount of what your total net worth was. If you have a large cash value in a policy, that is counted in your net worth, and Medicaid will count that cash as an asset, so you may want to consult with your advisor if this is the reason for asking the question. Thanks for asking!

Should  Renters  Get  Earthquake  Insurance?
I do not believe that earthquake insurance should be a concern for a renter. The tenant does not own the property so any damage to the structure of the building would not be insured under a renters policy. Therefore, the renter would only need to make sure they have coverage for their belongings in the residence.

Does  Medicare  Part  A  Pay  For  Outpatient  Surgery?
Outpatient Surgery is covered under Medicare Part B. Part A covers Hospital stays. Part B covers outpatient costs such as outpatient surgery, doctor visits, outpatient lab and xrays. Under Part B you are responsible for 20% of the Medicare approved amount. Some states allow a doctor to charge up to 15% more than the Medicare approved amount that would also be your responsibility.

What  Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover?
Homeowners Insurance primarily covers damage due to fire and other covered perils to the primary residence of the titled owner of the dwelling insured. Homeowners Insurance is defined as an insurance contract to protect owner occupied dwellings. For homes that are tenant occupied, a Landlords or Dwelling Fire policy would be needed. Homeowners Insurance will cover the dwelling (house), other structures (garage, gazebo, guesthouse), personal property (furniture, appliances), loss of use (additional living expenses), guest medical payments, and personal liability (for family residents). There is a link providing an online format to obtain a quote and buy home insurance online in multiple States; it may be used by Escrow/Closing Professionals, Mortgage Professionals, Real Estate Agents and directly by Consumers. An exemplary online experience for all! WEBSITELINK

How  Much  Is  Permanent  Life  Insurance?
The smallest premium I have seen for a permanent life insurance policy is $15. The highest is in the millions. The amount of coverage that you can get for any given premium amount depends on your age, health history, tobacco use, gender, height-weight, etc. Your independent agent can give you rates for many companies and help you understand which companies will approve you.

How  To  Get  Health  Insurance  Through  Obamacare?
How to get health insurance through Obamacare is relatively simple. The Affordable Care Act (ACA) has established an Open Enrollment through March 31st of 2014. During this time, you do not have to answer medical questions and you can not be turned down for medical reasons. You also may qualify for up to 100% of your premium being paid by the new federal subsidy. Where To Get Best Health Exchange Rates As an experienced broker, our websites are the perfect resource for finding the best Health Exchange prices in your state. You can provide your zip code and view the most affordable options for single or family plans. The application process is easy and no medical questions are asked. As your broker, we are able to provide the lowest rates allowed by each state and you'll receive expert and unbiased advice regarding the selection of plans. Our biography will detail the specific website to visit. Of course, there are never any costs or obligations.

How  Does  Health  Insurance  Work  While  On  Disability?
How does health insurance work while on disability? Since I just ended 12 months of disability that included many hospitalizations and treatments, I can tell you it works exactly the same as not being disabled. Disability insurance protects your income, health insurance protects your health. You can have both going on at once. Depending on your employment situation, how your health insurance is paid for may make a difference. Maybe your employer continues to pick it up, maybe it's covered under workman's comp, maybe you pay your own premiums.. the main thing is health insurance doesn't go away if you're collecting disability insurance.

Does  Skin  Cancer  Affect  Life  Insurance?
Basal cell carcinoma has little to no effect on life insurance rates, especially if it has been frozen or surgically removed by a dermatologist or other doctor. Squamous cell carcinoma will have more effect on life insurance rates, and the treatment must be effective (a free margin of healthy tissue surrounding where the cancer was) before a medically underwritten policy will be approved. Melanoma is the most serious form of skin cancer, but can often be covered after a period of a year or more. This is especially true if the melanoma was stage 0 to 2. A "flat extra" might be charged for a set number of years. This extra charge drops off after those years have passed, whether the melanoma recurred or not. For more advanced cases of melanoma, there are some No Exam policies that can be purchased a year or two after the last cancer treatment, or "guaranteed issue" policies that have no health requirements but have rather narrow age restrictions.

Does  Arthritis  Affect  Life  Insurance?
Aside from the type of arthritis, insurance companies want to know about stability (have you had recent attacks? has your mobility or strength gone backwards over the past years?), treatment (are you taking narcotic pain pills? are you on steroids?) and the impact of the arthritis on your life (are you able to work full time? can you dress and bathe yourself without assistance?). As with most health conditions, arthritis ranges from mild to severe and the type and degree of arthritis you have can affect your premiums accordingly.

What  To  Do  When  Denied  Disability  Insurance?
When denied disability insurance, you have a few options to choose from. I am assuming that you don't have an employer that can provide you a policy. 1) You could try to contest the decline. Getting a letter from your doctor, correcting any mistakes on your MIB, or taking a new exam are all steps that we sometimes take with our clients to see if the denial can be reversed. 2) With disability insurance, some companies will make exemptions for certain health conditions or risk factors. Rather than flat out deny you, it may be that you can shop around and find another company that will issue you a policy with or without an exception for the risk that got you declined. 3) If you are unsuccessful in finding disability insurance after taking these steps, you can put away $100 or more per month so that you will have something to draw on if you were to become disabled. Think of it as paying a premium that is due every month so that you are not tempted to let it slide. It won't add up quickly, but it could help you save your home or car.

How  Do  You  Get  Health  Insurance  In  Delaware  With  Pre-Existing  Conditions?
Health insurance in Delaware can be purchased if you have pre-existing conditions. Under the new healthcare legislation, the Delaware State Health Exchange has an Open Enrollment with no medical questions asked and federal subsidies available to help pay the premium. You can compare the best rates by utilizing an experienced broker that can shop different plans for you and make appropriate recommendations. Single, family and business coverage would be available.

Can  You  Put  Insurance  On  A  Car  That  Isn't  Yours?
No, because you do not have an insurable interest in the vehicle. You could purchase a "Non-owned auto policy" though. This would provide you with liability protection when you drive a vehicle but do not own one yourself. Contact a local agent to find out about coverage availability and pricing in your area.

What  To  Do  If  Your  Homeowners  Insurance  Is  Cancelled?
Homeowners policies are not cancelled very often. Sometimes a company will decide to withdraw from a market. If your company decides to not renew your policy they must give you adequate legal notice, unless it is for non-payment of premium. If the company has cancelled your coverage you can contact a reliable agent that you trust and apply elsewhere for coverage. If the cause of the cancellation is excessive claims, you might find the search difficult. There are companies that deal with hard to place homeowners policies.

Where  Can  I  Check  Medicare  Eligibility?
You can check your eligibility to receive Medicare benefits through the Medicare website, Medicare.gov. There is a eligibility and premium calculator available on the website. You can also consult with an experienced senior insurance broker to get your questions answered and supplemental programs set up. Please feel free to contact me for help. Thanks very much.

What  Does  SSDI  Medicare  Cover?
SSDI Medicare, Social Security Disability Income + Medicare is the same Medicare coverage available to those who are age 65 or older and qualify for regular Medicare. If you meet the Social Security definition of disability, once you have been totally and permanently disabled for 2 years you qualify for Medicare.

When  To  Buy  Annuities?
A good time to consider tax deferred annuities is when your tax bracket is high and you have long term financial goals. It's also a good time to consider annuities when you'e a CD purchaser. Tax deferred fixed interest rate annuities general pay more than bank CDs and the earnings are deferred until you use the money, unlike CDs.

Who  Are  Annuities  Right  For?
Every product purchase has a value proposition to assess. All savings and investment products should have a determination process to qualify as suitable for purchase by the saver or investor. Non-qualified annuities, whether fixed, indexed or variable, are no exception. A personal financial profile that includes a risk tolerance test, financial goals, effective tax bracket and a life expectancy report is necessary to establish the type of annuity that should be purchased.

Where  To  Get  Cheap  Life  Insurance?
The interesting thing about life insurance pricing is that there is no preference - regardless of the size of the agency. The premium for the identical policy will be the same if you buy it from me, from any online website, or any other agent. If you have any underwriting issues, then the health rating you get will ultimately determine the premium you pay for the policy. This is why it is of utmost importance to discuss your unique situation with a knowledgeable advisor who can help guide you to the least expensive policy for you.

What  Is  The  Average  Cost  Of  Home  Insurance  In  Nebraska?
Home insurance rates depend on many factors and in the state of Nebraska rates have increased for most companies since 2008. There has been a higher rate of hail events in the state and many companies have felt the effects and raised deductibles and prices. That being said there are many companies that do have great policies and rates and my recommendation is to call a local agent and get quotes. An independent agent will have multiple companies to shop for you to find the right fit a captive or one company agent will only have one or thier appointed company to quote for you. The size of the home, credit, claim history, discountsand area are all factors that contribute to the rate so that is information the agent will want. I would love to throw prices out there to you but if you are asking for an average and this is my opinion it is about $1200 a year. Of course I have many clients with lower and higher premiums depending on the factors I listed above. Please give us a call or shout if you have any more questions my staff and I would be happy to help answer any questions.

Does  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Being  Sued?
If you are held liable for an accident that you are at fault your bodily injury liability and property damage would cover you in a law suit up to the limit of your policy for damages you caused to the other party. The insurance company has no obligation beyond your coverage limits so if the other party is suing for monies above and beyond your current coverage's you would need to seek your own legal counsel. If you are being sued for a coverage that is not part of your policy your auto insurance carrier will not defend. Your auto insurance must initially respond to let you know if there is coverage in the particular loss or not. Make sure you have the discussion with your local agent on the particulars of your situation.

Which  Are  The  Best  Annuities?
All savings and investment products should have a determination process to qualify as suitable for purchase by the saver or investor. Non-qualified annuities, whether fixed, indexed or variable, are no exception. A personal financial profile that includes a risk tolerance test, financial goals, effective tax bracket and a life expectancy report is necessary to establish the type of annuity that should be purchased.

Is  My  Girlfriend  Covered  By  My  Car  Insurance?
If you have given your girlfriend permission to use your vehicle then your auto insurance would more than likely provide coverage in the event of an accident. Please remember every policy is different. Read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Does  Life  Insurance  Usually  Test  For  STDs?
No, life insurance does not test for STD's, but the insurance application may ask whether you have an STD at the time you fill out the application. Life insurance does test for HIV antibodies, blood counts that may indicate infection, and other labs for conditions that may or may not have been sexually transmitted. But there are not tests done specifically for STD detection.

Who  Sells  The  Cheapest  Renters  Insurance?
The Cheapest Stand Alone Renters Insurance is available through Stillwater Insurance Group. In order to obtain the lowest quote for renters insurance, you must select the minimum property coverage required, the minimum liability coverage needed and the maximum available deductible; this would provide the cheapest quote for Renters Insurance. There is a link available in multiple States in order to obtain a quick quote and purchase your renters insurance online. WEBSITELINK If the insurance has been required by a Landlord, it may be a good idea to find out if the Landlord needs to be listed as an Additional Insured on the policy; in which case, the Landlord must provide the name, address and applicable account number (if any) to be listed by the insurance carrier on the policy.

What  Is  The  Doughnut  Hole  For  Medicare  Part  D?
The Part D doughnut hole exists to make the plan affordable. If your covered drug charge totals exceed your basic coverage you enter a gap period known as the doughnut hole. In 2013 you reach the gap when the amount paid by you and your plan hit $2970. The doughnut hole will be reduced every year until is it completely closed in 2020.

Does  medicare  cover  exercise  equipment?
Medicare does not cover exercise equipment, however if you have medicare part a and part b you could possibly get a medicare advantage plan which they provide a free gym membership. There are many benefits you could receive and i believe the best thing to do is speak to a medicare specialist.

What  Is  Life  Insurance  Portability  Vs  Conversion?
Personal life insurance is completely portable. The policy does not change if you change address or employment. Group term life insurance is usually available only to employees. If you dont work for the company any longer, your term life expires. Conversion refers to your guaranteed right to exchange a term policy, either personal or group, for a permanent insurance plan offered by the company, without consideration of your medical condition. When you leave an employer you are offered conversion privileges because the coverage isnt portable.

When  Is  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  Effective?
A life insurance policy becomes effective on the effective date. That is the official date that the policy is issued by the insurance company. In order to be issued, the insurance application must be reviewed and approved by the company's underwriter. Once the underwriter gives the okay, coverage goes into effect.

What  Does  Car  Insurance  Legal  Protection  Cover?
Your liability coverage will provide legal protection in the event you are sued as a result of covered at fault accident or injury. They generally will represent you in court and deal with the other companies attorneys You will be protected up to the liability limits of your auto policy. In todays world I recommend no less than $100,000 and preferably at least $300,000 limits of liability.

What  Is  AD&D  Insurance  Vs  Life  Insurance?
AD&D is very limited coverage that is generally issued without much underwriting. It is often included in employee benefit packages. Some people seek AD&D coverage because they cannot qualify for life insurance. Other seek it as a part of a travel insurance package, particularly if their destination is relatively unsafe.

When  Can  You  Receive  Medicare  Benefits?
Most people will become eligible for Medicare when they turn 65. If you are a US citizen or legal resident and have at least 40 Social Security wage quarters, have lived in the US for at least 5 years, you should be eligible for Medicare. If you are covered under a group health plan you may want to delay participation in Medicare Part B.

How  Many  People  Die  Without  Life  Insurance?
Sadly too many. I have seen statistics ranging from 40% to 45% that have no Life Insurance. Of those who do, roughly the same percentage probably don't have enough to meet all of their family's needs. In the type of economy in which we have been living, cost is a primary factor. Next time you are talking to your Insurance Professional, if you have Life Insurance, ask to review it and if you don't, ask about setting up time for a discussion about how you can remedy that. Some companies offer discounts oncar and Home insurance policies for those who also have Life protection. The discounts could offset some of the premium making the purchase more affordable.

What  Types  Of  Life  Insurance  Are  There?
There is annual renewable and guaranteed level term life insurance. Permanent life insurance has two actuarial policy platforms: participating whole life insurance and current assumption universal life. Universal life has three basic crediting methods: interest rate, index and separate equity/bond sub account performance. The life insurance spreadsheets from the brokerage community are an excellent starting place to explore the life insurance company that best suits your financial profile, risk tolerance and economic goals. The spreadsheets are divided into two macro categories: Term Life Insurance and Permanent Life Insurance.

Is  Renters  Insurance  Worth  The  Money?
Generally speaking yes renter's insurance is worth the money. The cost of covering your personal items with renter's insurance is generally pretty low compared to the cost that you would incur to replace all of those items if you lost them due to an event covered by your renter's insurance policy.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Water  Heater  Damage?
It would depend on what happened to the water heater and what type of policy you have. If thewater heater is damaged in a fire, or a tornado, you should havecoverage. A "special form" insurance policy will normally cover damage from a burst water heater, so they will pay for the clean up of the water but not to replace the water heater it's self, since it was the cause of the claim. Remember, an insurance policy is for damage, but not maintenance. So if it quits, or doesn't function like it is supposed to, that is an expense you would have to absorb. If the water heater is damaged by a "Covered peril" (refer to your contract) - then yes, it is part of the house and covered like anything else.

Is  Medigap  Better  Than  Medicare  Advantage?
Deciding whether or not Medigap is better than Medicare Advantage is a personal opinion. Many people enjoy both types of health care coverage. One of the great things about Medigap is that you can use your Medicare Supplement insurance plan anywhere Medicare is accepted. You do not have to use a Network of doctors or stay within a service area like Medicare Advantage Plans. On the flip side, many people like Medicare Advantage Plans because the premium is often lower than a Medigap Plan. However, your Out-of-Pocket costs may be higher. The best way to find out which type of Plan works best for you is to contact an independent insurance agent who can help you compare benefits and costs.

What  Are  Disability  Benefits  For  Social  Security?
Social Security disability insurance pays benefits to you and certain members of your family if you have earned enough work credits to be considered "insured". Four work credits can be earned each year. In 2014, you receive one work credit for each $1200 of earnings, up to the yearly maximum of four credits. How many credits you need for disability benefits depends on how old you are when you are disabled. If you become disabled prior to age 24, you need 1 1/2 years of work (6 credits) in the three years before you became disabled. For ages 24-30, you need credits for half of the time between age 21 and when you became disabled. If you are 31 or older, you need at least 20 credits during the 10 year period preceding when you were disabled. Like most things associated with Social Security, it is a bit more complicated than this example. Remember, the worker has to have paid into Social Security to be qualified. There are "survivor" benefits as well. When a person who has worked and paid Social Security taxes dies, certain members of their family may be eligible for survivors benefits. Up to ten years of work is need to be eligible, depending on the person's age at the time of death. A widow/widower can claim full benefits at their full retirement age and reduced benefits at age 60. A disabled widow/widower can claim as early as age 50. Divorced spouses under certain conditions can also claim survivor benefits. Unmarried children under age 18 (19 if they are full time in elementary or secondary school), some step-children, adopted children and grand children can also receive survivor benefits. There are many other situations where survivor benefits can be claimed such as a widow or widower of any age that takes care of a deceased person's child under the age of 16 or disabled, and receiving Social Security benefits. Children who were disabled prior to their age 22 and remain disabled, and in some cases, dependent parents who are age 62 or older. As you can see, there are a lot of rules and regulations surrounding disability benefits for Social Security. Seek out someone who knows the rules.

How  Do  I  Cancel  My  Primerica  Life  Insurance?
To cancel life insurance, contact the agent who sold it to you, or contact Primerica directly, and ask them to cancel it. They will provide you with paperwork to sign and fax or mail back to give your legal assent to the cancellation. If there is an automatic withdrawal set up for payments, they may assist you in discontinuing that. You can also cancel Term coverage with most companies by simply not paying on it for two months, after which time it will exceed the grace period and cancel automatically.

Can  You  Deduct  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Premiums  On  Taxes?
There are rules by state for limited tax deductions and credits. Two long term care insurance companies have an excellent digest for each state and the rules of engagement. John Hancock and Genworth both leading long term care insurance companies, publish an in-depth look at the tax issues of long term care insurance. We distribute the John Hancock version.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Overseas?
When you travel outside the US your health insurance follows you but it does not cover all contingencies. There are no networks outside of the US so your policy becomes a reimbursement contract. You should consider supplementing your major medical plan with an international travel plan to cover things like med evac and translation of medical records.

How  Does  Car  Insurance  Work  When  In  A  Car  Accident?
Typically when you are involved in an auto accident; you will call your carrier's claims department. This number is usually located on your insurance card or you can call your local agent to retrieve it. Most carriers will take some information about the accident over the phone if this is possible and then begin the process of getting the claim processed and helping you get back to where you were before the accident up to you policies limits or the limits of the responsible party's policy.

Can  A  Landlord  Demand  Renters  Insurance?
Are your belongings protected? Many renters think their personal belongings are protected by their landlords coverage. That simply isnt the case. If someone is injured in your rented unit they can sue you for personal injury and the resulting suit could leave you bankrupt. The landlord has your interests at heart when he requires a renters policy. The cost is low and the protection is high!

How  To  Document  Belongings  For  Renters  Insurance?
There are several free home inventory programs out there that will help you gather the information about your belongings that are used in most cases to validate the worth of the property. Have pictures of your personal property is a great way to begin. Just remember you should also try to keep receipts, model, and serial numbers of major belongings. Try to keep your inventory up to date and keep at least one copy off site.

Does  Ulcerative  Colitis  Affect  Life  Insurance?
When applying for life insurance with a history of ulcerative colitis, the underwriting process will look at factors which include; age when diagnosed, extent of disease, frequency of attacks, date of most recent exacerbation, treatment and period since last treatment. Mild, well controlled cases with some reasonable period of recovery will frequently be assessed at standard rates. Ratings or declination will apply to a more extensive condition with unfavorable factors and frequentattacks. Work with an experienced life insurance professional who can shop to find the best offer for your specific history as outcomes will vary considerably by insurer.

Do  Fixed  Annuities  Make  Sense?
A fixed annuity addresses the major concern of most retirees, living too long and running out of money. A fixed annuity eliminates market risk and guarantees safety of payments for the rest of your life. A fixed annuity has a rate of return that many find quite attractive. It is the simplest piece of the retirement income puzzle and should at a minimum provide an economic floor for you.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Hypnosis?
Medicare can pay for hypnotherapy for a medical condition (such as intense and chronic pain) or a psychological condition (such as post traumatic stress disorder) that requires that type of treatment as a medical necessity. Normally, Medicare does not pay for hypnotherapy, even if prescribed as a method to help quit smoking.

What  Is  The  Fee  For  Not  Having  Health  Insurance?
Under the Affordable Care Act, there is a fine/tax/fee (whatever you want to call it) if you don't have qualifying health insurance. For 2014, the fine is $95/year for each uninsured adult in the household, or 1% of the household income. The fine increases in future years. For example, in $2015 the fine is $325/year for each uninsured adult in the household or 2% of the household income.

How  Much  Should  I  Get  In  Life  Insurance?
If you own an automobile worth $25,000, you generally purchase enough insurance to give you an automobile of equal value should your vehicle be stolen or destroyed. You have value, human capital. That value is what you represent to those who depend upon you. You love people and they depend upon you. Make sure that they don't suffer more than necessary if they were to lose you.

How  Long  Does  Health  Insurance  Application  Take?
Completing a health insurance application could take as little as 10 minutes or much longer, depending on the type of coverage you are applying for, the size of your family, if you must use the government website, and if you know exactly which plan to purchase. To save time and money, a broker (they're free) will simplify the process and ensure you are getting the best plan for the least amount of cost. LIVE answer provided by: Ed Harris - Premier health insurance broker since 1980 and owner of several top-rated websites that provide the lowest available rates.

What  Is  The  Cheapest  Kind  Of  Car  Insurance?
Liability only coverage is the lowest cost auto insurance that you can purchase in most cases. This coverage only provides coverage to others if you are involve in an accident that you are deemed responsible for. Comprehensive and collision are the types of coverage that provide coverage for your vehicle. Read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that may be contained within.

How  Much  Is  The  Average  Homeowners  Insurance?
Based on my own personal experience and within my geographic location, I would say that the average homeownoers insurance policy runs eight hundred to fifteen hundred dollars per year currently. Insurance policy and rates can be as unique as the person seeking coverage or the propety to be covered. Contact a local agent to get pricing for the coverage you are seeking.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Motorized  Scooters?
Medicare Part B does offer coverage for motorized mobility devices (scooters) in certain situations. You must be evaluated by a doctor and your doctor must certify that you need a mobility device. The scooter must be used for movement primarily around your home and you must have a CMN (certificate of medical need).

How  To  Set  Up  A  Trust  Fund  For  Life  Insurance?
A trust can be a very useful tool in life insurance planning. When a trust is the owner, large estate tax assessments can be avoided by the insured. It can also make sure that minor beneficiaries are allocated benefit money responsibly. An estate tax attorney gets involved when a trust is to own a life insurance policy. The broker must work with him or her and make sure the policy is issued under the trust when the application is finally approved. If the policy is issued with the insured as the owner, and later the ownership is transferred to the trust, tax problems may be created. Sometimes people like to take a do-it-yourself approach to estate planning. There are a lot of big legalities involved, and professional advice can go a long way towards avoiding expensive mistakes.

What  Type  Of  Auto  Insurance  Does  California  Require?
California requires liability limits of 15/30/5this means 15,000 bodily injury for any one person and 30,000 for the entire accident you are held liable for. Also 5,000 for the property damage you cause. Property damage would be other peoples property such as a car or building for example. These are the legal minimums in California. All other coverages including uninsured motorist and physical damage to your vehicle are optional. If you chose not to carry uninsured motorist protection you will be required to sign a rejection letter stating you have been offered the coverage and you have chosen to reject uninsured motorist. Have a conversation with your agent to discuss how much protection you need as these limits while legal under California proposition 103 laws can leave many significantly underinsured.

Will  Home  Insurance  Pay  For  A  New  Roof?
Most homeowners insurance policies will pay for damages to your roof as long as it is caused by a covered peril; however, some companies will only give you ACV (actual cash value) which is a depreciated amount rather than RC (replacement cost). Contact your insurance agent so they can go over your policy with you.

Does  Fidelity  Sell  Life  Insurance?
Yes, Fidelity sells life insurance through Fidelity Life Association. The company was established in 1896 as a fraternal benefit society in the state of Illinois. They are licensed to sell life insurance in all the states except Washington and New York. They sell to both individuals and groups. Their products include Term, Universal, and Whole Life Insurance, many of which do not require an exam.

What  Is  National  Benefit  Life  Insurance  Company?
"National Benefit Life Insurance Company" used to be "Beneficial National Life Insurance Company". They underwrite State Disability Insurance, Student Life Insurance, and term life insurance sold by Primerica Agents in New York State. Their home office is in Long Island City, NY and they are rated A+ by AM Best.

What  Is  The  Best  Value  In  Life  Insurance?
For most people I highly recommend a life insurance product called EIUL. Equity Indexed Universal Life. It provides cash value. With EIUL sold by Premier Financial Alliance, it also provides full living benefits, covering chronic, critical and terminal care. It allows you to cover any of those ailments, and not have to die to collect your money. Yet it continues too provide a death benefit when you pass, reduced by cash used. Because it is tied to the market, the cash value increases dramatically higher than typical Whole Life, yet it will NEVER lose value due to market crashes. The best of both! See your PFA agent. It is written by National Life Group, one of the oldest companies in America. GARY LANE. garylane@cox.net. 714 422 9616. Thank you.

Which  Health  Insurance  Is  Best  For  Maternity?
Anyone purchasing health insurance for maternity should recognize that they are likely to utilize more healthcare, and have greater needs than the general population. A normal pregnancy and childbirth entails extra doctor visits, testing, and a hospital stay. One quarter of pregnancies experience complications, and one in eight babies are born preterm and require an extended stay in neonatal intensive care. You can purchase coverage through state exchanges or at work during open enrollment. The best plan anticipates that having a baby generates large claims. The policy with the best coverage of in-network NICU units may make the most sense - regardless of premium costs.

Why  Do  We  Need  A  Retirement  Plan?
Without a retirement plan, your money will probably go to whatever appears to be most urgent at the time. For people with wealth, this could be your children wanting to go to the most expensive colleges, your spouse wanting to buy a very expensive home, or you wanting to take up an extremely costly hobby. For those of more modest means, it could simply be eating out every day. No matter where you are pulled to spend your money, without a plan, there may not be enough left to retire on. Considering that you could easily live 20 years past the age when you retire, it is important to plan ahead so that those years are as comfortable as the years preceding them.

When  Is  Life  Insurance  A  Good  Investment?
Life insurance product suitability is determined by performing a personal financial profile that includes a risk tolerance assessment, tax favored priorities and financial planning goals. A non-modified endowment contract life insurance policy designed to purchase the lowest cost of insurance has four differing crediting methods that can deliver tax free retirement income as long as the contract is kept in force for the life of the insured: Participating whole life with dividends, current assumption universal life with interest rates, indexed universal life with limited indice returns and separate sub accounts utilizing market equities and bonds investments.

When  Is  The  Best  Time  To  Purchase  Long-Term  Care  Insurance?
The best time to purchase long term care insurance is when you're young and healthy. Most adviser begin addressing long term care insurance with their clients around age 50, but many pres seniors purchase it around age 60. If your family has a predisposition to chronic health conditions or nursing home confinement, you may want to consider purchasing it sooner than later.

What  Should  I  Be  Paying  For  Life  Insurance?
What you should pay is determined by how long you want coverage and how long you want to spread the payments. A single pay whole life policy provides the most coverage for the longest time for the least premium. Limited pay policies provide the most coverage for a little longer time and a little more premium, and so it goes until you get to term policies. With a term policy you pay for limited coverage and if you dont die during term period the company doesnt pay anything.

What  Happens  When  The  Owner  Of  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  Dies?
Life insurance is personal property. Policy ownership or change in ownership dictates transfer of property, which may or may not have taxable consequences. This assumes that the policy owner is not the policy insured. In general terms, the death of a married policy owner with no other testament dictates would cause the policy to go into his or her estate and through the marital deduction pass on to the spouse, who could then have the policy ownership changed to their name. Always seek legal counsel when considering ownership changes in personal property.

How  Much  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Should  I  Have?
How much Long Term Care Insurance you need will depend on several factors including the cost of care in your area. A good independent agent will show you what the average cost is in your area for home healthcare, assisted living and a nursing home. You may need one or all of these at some point in your life. You can then base coverage off of those figures. It is also important to have a Long Term care plan that will factor in for inflation down the road.

Can  I  Buy  Auto  Insurance  Without  A  License?
There are some companies that will allow you to purchase an insurance policy without a driver's license. Typically you must have another licensed driver listed on the policy as they will exclude you from coverage, but it is feasible. Also, if you are looking for physical damage only on the vehicle while it is parked you would not be required to have a valid driver's license. Talk to a broker to get the full story in your state.

When  To  Buy  Term  Life  Insurance?
Term life insurance should be purchased in several situations. The most obvious is when the protection needed is for a definable period of time such as a loan or other obligation. It is also appropriate at when starting a family where the amount of protection is large, but usually affordable due to the applicant's young age. Of course, each situation is different and should be discussed with an agent who can give suggestions on what type of coverage is appropriate.

Why  Life  Insurance  Is  Superior  To  Other  Form  Of  Savings?
Why is life insurance a superior form of savings compared to other savings? Well, superior is maybe not the right word to use. Life insurance offers some flexibility that other forms of savings may not have. First off, cash values are tax advantaged while growing. Access to funds can happen without tax penalty. Cash values can act as the 6 months emergency funds so many advisors reccomend. Then basically there's the life insurance side of things which nothing else offers.

Will  Medicare  Pay  For  Blood  Tests?
Medicare Part A will cover blood tests done as an inpatient in a hospital or skilled nursing or rehab facility, and Part B will cover blood tests done as an outpatient in any setting, when the blood tests are ordered to diagnose or monitor a condition or disease. Medicare Part A and B does not ordinarily cover routine blood screening. However, some preventative screenings have recently been added to the blood tests that are covered under Medicare part B: diabetes screening for those who are high risk for diabetes, one blood test every 5 years to test cholesterol, HIV tests for those who are high risk or pregnant, and prostate cancer screening yearly. For specifics see this brochure: WEBSITELINK

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Skydiving?
Skydiving, BASE jumping, etc., are hazardous activities that have been specifically excluded from any health insurance contract I can recall. Certainly you should check the exclusions and limitations section of your group or individual health insurance contract to verify this but there are commonly exclusions for participating in high risk/hazardous activities in both health and life insurance contracts. You would probably need to purchase a policy from a specialty risk carrier to assure your protection if you engage in these kinds of activities.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Giving  Birth?
If you purchased an "obamacare" health plan, marternity care is one of the 10 essential health benefits that individual plans must cover. This includes care women receive during labor, delivery, and post-delivery as well as pre-natal care during pregnancy. Make sure to check what your plan does and does not cover if you're unsure. You can also contact your agent or the carrier directly to get specific plan information. Please feel free to contact me if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

What  Is  A  Sep  Simple  Qualified  Retirement  Plan?
The most common retirement accounts for the self-employed are SEP IRAs, Simple IRAs and individual 401(k)s. These plans have two factors in common: up-front tax breaks and tax-deferred saving, meaning you don't pay taxes until you withdraw the money in retirement.The Roth version of the individual 401(k) is slightly different: you don't get an up-front tax break, but your money not only grows tax free, withdrawals in retirement are also tax-free.The Simplified Employee Pension (SEP) IRA is probably your best bet.You can open one at virtually any bank, mutual fund sponsor or brokerage firm. Annual account fees are low - or non-existent.Your contribution limit is based on a simple formula: You can put away as much as 25% of your net income, up to a cap that increases periodically to keep pace with inflation - $49,000 in 2010.Money stays sheltered from taxes during your savings years, and what's additionally appealing is a SEP's funding flexibility. You can wait to fund the plan until you file your taxes. So if your income turns out to be higher than expected, you can make a large contribution and cut your tax bill. If you have a tough year, you can scale your contribution back.If you work alone now, but aspire to bigger things. Then a Savings Incentive Match Plan for Employees (SIMPLE) IRA may be better for you.With a SIMPLE IRA, you can keep investing in the same plan after you hire someone. Though don't forget what the plan name stands for: you have to match your employees' contributions, up to 3% of pay.The main problem with a SIMPLE IRA is that you can stash away no more than $11,500 a year ($14,000 if you're 50 or over), which may not be enough to meet your retirement goals. Also, if you need to make a withdrawal from a SIMPLE IRA plan within two years of its inception, the 25% penalty is significantly higher than the 10% fee you'd be charged for early withdrawal from a SEP IRA.Both the SEP IRA and individual 401(k) make it tough on sole proprietors who try to hire even one full-time employee. SEP rules can lock you into expensive contributions. With an individual 401(k), unless that employee is married to you, you'll have to stop funding your plan or convert it to the more complex and cumbersome employer version. For that, you'll surely need professional help, and you may even have to hire a third-party plan administrator. That doesn't come cheap.

How  Much  Is  The  Self  Employed  Health  Insurance  Deduction?
The self employed health insurance deduction is entered on line 29 of form 1040. The qualified amount is subtracted from your total income to help determine your adjusted gross income. You can deduct the amounts paid for you, your spouse, and dependent children. You can deduct the full amount of the annual premium cost provided your self employed income is higher. Otherwise, you can only deduct the amount of your self employed income. Please consult your tax adviser.

What  Are  Fixed  Index  Annuities?
Fixed Index Annuities (FIA's) are annuities that have the security of a guaranteed interest rate along with the potential to earn more based on the performance of a market index or indexes. Fixed Index Annuities are often interchanged with the term Equity Indexed Annuities, but FIA's can be tied to indexes other than the stock market. The premium for a Fixed Index Annuity can go in as a simply payment or be paid over time. The potential for growth in an Indexed Annuity is greater than a Fixed Annuity due to the participation in the indexes. However, it maintains the security of the guaranteed interest rate of a Fixed Annuity.

Is  Medicare  Part  D  Good?
If youdefinehaving insurance coverage for your prescription drugs when you are age 65+ as "good" when prior to the Bush administration's implementation of this plan seniors on traditional Medicare didn't, then Medicare Part D is definitely a good thing. In fact, some would argue that Medicare Part D, with its pesky reliance on private insurance options and marketplace competition, is the only part of Medicare that has delivered on it's promises of expanding coverage for a high utilization population segment and managed to come in under initial cost projections. Medicare Part D is just another level of Medicare coverage specifically designed to address prescription drug coverage. As with Medicare supplement plans, different insurance carriers offer Medicare Part D plans with different levels of coverage and price points for consumers to select from during their initial eligibility period and subsequent open enrollment renewal years. This means that the consumer is obliged to shop around because not all Medicare Part D plans are created equal, far from it. Most consumers would be well served to use the services of an insurance broker who is knowledgeable in the various Medicare Part D plans available in their marketplace.

How  Cost  Effective  Is  Medicare?
That is a great question! I'll answer it in two parts. It is very effective for you, especially if you have combined it with a Medigap plan. The Part D can make a world of difference in affordability of your prescriptions. That said, the other part of the answer? There are several parts of the program that are slated for cuts under the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) that will not affect anyone's coverage or benefits, but are designed to pare some administrative excesses. These cuts are to be reinvested into the system, and if done to plan, should extend the Medicare trust fund through 2029. There was a lot of pork and fraud in the system, because it was not policed very much, or very well. Thank you for asking!

Is  It  Illegal  To  Drive  Without  Car  Insurance  In  Alaska?
Yes, it absolutely is illegal. Everyone signs paperwork when registering vehicles at the Alaska Department Of Motor Vehicles declaring they have current insurance, unlike other states they do not check for proof there at the counter. You do get caught when involved in an accident and you don't fill out the mandatory crash forms that are required. If you don't do the crash form, there will not only be a warrant for your arrest its a huge mark on your driving record, basically the same as getting a DUI. Please do not drive without insurance it is the law.

Why  Is  Home  Insurance  Required?
Mortgage companies require that you obtain and maintain acceptable Homeowners Insurance as one of the conditions of approving you for your home loan. In their case, it is to be sure that THEIR interest in your home is protected from loss caused by a covered peril. In some cases, If your home is located in a higher risk flood zone, they will extend that requirement to include Flood Insurance as well. When you are fortunate enough to pay off your mortgage, this should not be an event that makes you to consider cancelling your Homeowners' and Flood Insurance policies, however. The mortage cmpany no longer has an interest in the security of your home but you and your family certainly do.

What  Are  The  Main  Characteristics  Of  Long-Term  Disability  Insurance?
What are the main characteristics of long term disability insurance? I am guessing that you mean features to look for in long term disability insurance? First! the definition of disability must be short and sweet, unable to do the material duties of your current occupation. For long term, this must not ever change. No, after 2 years the definition means.... I mention short and sweetbecause I have found the longer it take them to spell this out the more probable they will change things down the road. Lots of words in a definition of disability section usually aren't in the insureds favor. Second. A good COLA rider. If you are concerned about a long period of disability like years and possibly decades, a payout that works for year one, is woefully short for year 20. A Cost Of Living Adjustment that keeps the payout relevant to each year you're out is very valuable. Third. A good residual income rider. This helps if you are able to return to work, but at a reduced capacity.

Can  You  Rent  A  Car  Without  Insurance?
You may be able to. This is going to depend on the rental car agency that you are renting your vehicle from. Most rental car agencies are going to require that anyone renting a vehicle either have their own insurance coverage or purchase coverage through an affiliate company that provides coverage to patrons renting vehicles.

Can  I  Get  Disability  Insurance  If  I  Am  Pregnant?
Most disability plans have some form of medical underwriting. If you are pregnant at the time of application and the plan is medically underwritten, your application will be denied. Some employer plans, including payroll deduction, may have little or no underwriting. If that is the case the policy will be issued but there may be a waiting period before maternity benefits are available.

What  Will  Disqualify  You  From  Life  Insurance?
There are many issue and items that can disqualify you from securing life insurance coverage. A medical condition that actuarially is calculated to shorten the life of the prospective insured to such an extent that the risk is too great to validate a companys profitability. Hazardous vocations, recreational activities and multiple motor vehicle violations, especially DUIs, can result in disqualification.

Does  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Cover  Rehab?
Rehab for the first 20 days after a qualifying hospital stay is usually covered by Medicare. Then on a sliding scale of cost to the patient, Medicare can help fund rehab provided for up to an additional 80 days. If the patient needing rehab has a long term care insurance policy, the policy may help pay for rehabilitation services after the elimination period is satisfied. These rehabilitation services may be provided in the home or other living arrangements besides skilled nursing facilities, with some long term care insurance policies. Individual policy provisions will determine what is covered.

How  Much  Should  Life  Insurance  Cost?
In order to see what a competitive life insurance policy would cost for you, you can go to any number of websites that offer instant life insurance quotes and put in your date of birth, height, weight, and whether you use tobacco. Unless the website also asks about health conditions, it will only show the rates for people with excellent health, and these may be much lower than what you need to pay. But it does give you an idea what life insurance should cost for a segment of the population.

How  Long  Should  I  Have  Life  Insurance?
How long you should have life insurance depends on the purpose you want your coverage to serve. If you want life insurance to pay for you funeral or memorial service expenses, then you really need to have a permanent policy. How awful it would be to pay into life insurance to age 80 and then have the policy end. If you have life insurance to pay for expenses that will cease to exist after a period of years, then you can get life insurance coverage that lasts that number of years. A great example of this is 30 year Term Life Insurance to cover a 30 year mortgage. If you want life insurance to provide income during retirement, you could buy Indexed Universal Life that you pay into until retirement age, then draw on without paying any more premiums the rest of your life. Many people purchase different lengths of policies to accomplish different needs. If that is too much for your budget, just buy what you can afford. Something is always better than nothing.

Can  I  Go  To  Jail  For  Not  Having  Car  Insurance?
Yes it is a felony not to have an auto policy in most states you might not go to jail ifyour caught but you will get a ticket in most cases and have ten days to show proof of insurance and your license can be revoked you also could go to jail if in an accident. It is best to stay out of these situations.

Why  Don't  People  Buy  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Because it's not going to happen to them and it's expensive. But the truth is the cost of the coverage is not nearly as expensive as the average cost of care and there is a pretty darned good chance they WILL need care. Roughly 70% of people over 65 will need long term care services in their lifetime, 40% of people currently receiving long term care services are aged 10-64! Average home health care expenses in Illinois average over $45,000 while a semi-private room averages around $70,000, FAR more than the cost of the coverage to pay for it.

At  What  Age  Can  You  Get  Life  Insurance?
Life insurance companies may insure individuals from 15 days old to age 90. The key things to know for the coverage is how much, for what purpose and for how long? Once those things are established, there are ways to pay for it and make it fit into most budgets.

Is  AARP  Life  Insurance  A  Good  Deal?
Life insurance purchased through AARP is popular, does not need an exam, and the premiums can be very competitive. Their coverage is underwritten by a reputable life insurance agency. You do need to review the policy, as with any Term or Permanent policy, to see if the premiums are guaranteed to remain the same for the entire years of the term (if buying Term Life), or for the rest of one's life (if buying Whole Life). Otherwise, the price may raise as you age and become more than you can afford to pay.

What  Does  It  Mean  When  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  Lapses?
When a life insurance policy lapses, it means that the policy is no longer in effect. If death occurred while having a lapsed policy, the life insurance policy would not pay out. You also lose the right to convert a Term policy to Permanent after it lapses. For Term life insurance, if you get behind in payments, you have one month to catch up to keep your policy in effect. If the policy does lapse, you may be able to reinstate it by filling out paperwork and catching up the premium. However, your health cannot have had any substantial change to get that policy back. If you have had a decline in health, you may need to apply for new coverage.

Will  Life  Insurance  Cover  An  Overdose?
Life insurance will cover an overdose if the overdose was not due to suicide during the first two years. If there was an undisclosed drug, alcohol, or mental health problem when the applicant filled out the life insurance application, and if death occurred during the first two years of the policy, the death benefit could be contested. If everything on the application was forthcoming, there should not be a problem.

Which  Retirement  Plan  Is  Best  For  Me?
A qualified defined contribution plan is a good place to begin. The contributions are pretax or tax deductible, the account accumulates tax deferred and some employers actually match portion of your contribution. But id your employer doesn't offer a plan and you're in a low tax bracket, you may consider a non-qualified plan like indexed universal life.

What  Is  The  Difference  Between  Medigap  Plan  F  And  G?
These two plans are nearly identical as there is only 1 difference between the benefits - coverage of the Medicare Part B deductible ($147 in 2014). Plan F is the most comprehensive plan as it covers all available Medigap benefits at 100% from day 1 including the Part B deductible - Plan G does not cover the deductible and must be paid out-of-pocket. When comparing the two plans, you want to look at the price differential at the carrier(s) offering them at the lowest cost. If the difference in annualized premiums between plan F and plan G is more than $147, than plan G will be the plan you should select - if it's less than $147, then you should select plan F. Please note, Medigap plans are standardized meaning the benefits are exactly the same regardless of which insurance company you buy your Medigap plan from. Every carrier has to pay the benefits the same way. If it's your first time buying a Medigap plan or you already have one and want to lower your monthly premium, you should consult with an independent Medigap insurance broker who can shop the case for you among many companies to ensure you're paying the lowest possible price for your plan. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help with your Medigap plan and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

How  Much  Will  Whole  Life  Insurance  Cost?
As with every other type of life insurance, the cost of Whole Life depends on one's health and the features of the policy. It also depends on the company, with some being more competitive than others for certain ages and types of risk. Whole Life has more variables than Term and is a life long product, making it more important to use an agency that is reputable and experienced in selling Whole Life.

Can  I  Get  Renters  Insurance  If  I  Live  With  My  Parents?
You can, but you probably don't need to. Your parent's home insurance will cover your personal property since you are a resident relative. One concern would be that they would need to be willing to file a claim on their policy if something happens to your personal property. I have seen college age (over 18) children who live at home buy their own policy so that they are protected for their stuff and they don't have to worry about what type of coverage their parents have.

How  Do  Joint  Annuities  Work?
With joint annuities ,the policy is purchased together. They are usually called "joint and survivor annuities". When one dies, the other owner can continue the annuity, either by allowing it to keep growing, or to start taking payments, or to continue payments that were started when the other owner was alive.

How  Much  Roth  IRA  Should  I  Contribute?
The short easy answer is the maximum. For hard working Americans up to age 50 you can contribute up to $5,500 if you make up to $114,000 annually and single. If you are age 51 and up you can contribute up to $6,500 annually as the rule allows for a "catch up" for older workers. I would advise finding a trusted advisor to help with all of the details.

If  I  Move  To  A  New  State,  How  Long  Do  I  Have  To  Get  New  Auto  Insurance?
That is a great question! Here in Texas, it is 30 days, but each State will have its own regulations as to the time period they will allow to pass before ticketing you for not being properly registered. I had to have a policy that was issued in Texas before being able to register my car and get plates, you may need to switch your policy first also. I'd recommend going on line to your new State's Department of Motor Vehicles or Secretary of State webpage and see what your State requires. Good luck with your move, and thank you for asking!

Which  Health  Insurance  Covers  Cosmetic  Surgery?
As a general rule you should never have an expectation that any health insurance policy will cover cosmetic surgery, at least in the context that most people think of cosmetic surgery. Cosmetic surgery merely for the purposes of enhancing a person's physical appearance will be an exclusion under individual and group health insurance policies. The possible exception to this rule would be in the circumstances where cosmetic surgery is required as a result of an illness or injury and is required to restore normal function (or as close to it as possible). Even in these circumstances the policyholder should expect that their insurance carriers will require medical documentation as to the medical necessity for this procedure and a pre-authorization from the health insurance carrier is a virtual certainty.

What  Is  Medicare  Supplement  Insurance?
Medicare gap insurance, Medicare supplement insurance, Medigap . . . all the same. Like Kleenex and tissue, the terms are interchangeable. Original Medicare only covers about 80% of your hospital and outpatient charges. Seniors with a healthy bank account may not need or desire to purchase a Medigap (supplement) plan. While you may be healthy now, your health can change at any time. If you are hospitalized 3 times during a calendar year for unrelated medical conditions you will have to pay a deductible of $1184 (2013 Medicare Part A deductible) for each admission. Medicare Part B outpatient charges can become expensive as well. After you have paid the calendar year Part B deductible of $147 (for 2013) you are responsible for 20% of the remaining charges not paid by Medicare. An $800 CAT scan can leave you owing several hundred dollars. Medigap plan F is the easiest to explain. It covers everything approved by Medicare Part A and Part B but not paid by Medicare. Plan F covers deductibles, copay's, coinsurance. Plan F is the most popular, purchased by about half of those who buy Medicare supplement plans. Plan G (or in some states, D) is next followed by plan N.

What  States  Have  Their  Own  Health  Insurance  Exchange?
The majority of states did not set up their own health insurance exchanges as Obamacare was being set up. But your question is harder to answer than you might expect because there are federal-state partnerships of one extent or another in 11 states. There are 13 states plus DC that set up their own plans. The rest are federally facilitated markets. The states that set up their own plans include CA, WA, ID, CO, MN, NY, VT, NH, RI, CT, VT, KY, VA, and DC.

How  Much  Is  Health  Insurance  For  A  Young  Married  Couple?
The cost of insurance is based on each person's age, zip code and the plan selected. You have a choice of health plans with no deductible, $500, $2,000 and $5,000. The higher the deductible the lower the cost. You can buy a platinum, gold, silver or bronze plan through your state exchange or off the exchange. The plans have the same prices no matter where you purchase them.

Can  You  Sue  Someone  For  Not  Having  Car  Insurance?
You can not sue someone for not having auto insurance. You can sue a person if the persons or party caused bodily injury and/or property damage to you. Auto insurance would normally cover the persons or party in this situation which is why you would carry auto insurance in the first place. However if the persons or party does not have the coverage you may take them to court to seek restitution. But you can not sue the persons or party just for not having auto insurance.

What  Is  Health  Insurance  Allowance?
A health insurance allwance is a type of defined contribution employer benefit plan.This type of benefit is usually structured into a Premium Reinbursment Account or a PRA which is basically a form of a Health Reinbursment Account or a HRA. Basically a PRA will be set up by employers who do not offer their employees traditional group health insurance options, and will consist of a flat monthly contribution to each eligible employee that is used to pay for part or all of the premiums for individual health/ancillary coverage. This practice will most likely see a large reduction in popularity because of PPACA regulations. This is because PRA's do not qualify as qualified health plans offering minimum essential coverage, which means that in the eyes of the government the employer is not offering health insurance and therefore can still be penalized. Also one of the great benefits to a PRA was the pre-tax funding that escaped payroll taxes and lowered the businesses total tax liability. This feature has been eliminated by healthcare reform, which only allows such PRA funding arraingements on a post tax basis.

How  Much  Are  Premiums  For  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
The cost of long term care depends on your gender, age, smoking status, health history and current medical condition. It also depends on how you structure the length of coverage and elimination periods as well as any addition riders like an inflation rider. A non smoking 60 year old male in good health purchasing full long term care benefits with an inflation rider may pay $300 a month.

Can  You  Get  Health  Insurance  For  Significant  Other?
Great question! Unfortunately, I would need a little more information from you. Are you talking same sex partner? If so, that would depend upon whether the state you live in recognizes same sex relationships, and the providers stand on the issue. If you are talking common law partner, that also depends upon your State's recognizing of common law marriages. If you are talking boyfriend or girlfriend, it may be wiser for them to get their own policy, and you make the payments. I hope that helps, if you would like more information, please feel free to contact me. Thanks for asking!

How  can  I  prove  that  life  insurance  made  a  mistake  by  changing  me  as  primary  beneficiary  to  children  as  primary  beneficiary?
This question begs another question. Is the insured alive or deceased? if the policy owner usually the insured is alive, they can simply fill out a change of beneficiary form to replace you as primary beneficiary and the children as contingents. If the policy owner is deceased, you will have a tough legal battle on your hands. Proving an insurer made a mistake on something as important as a beneficiary is tough, unless you have a copy of the original paperwork showing the correct change. If the children are minors and you are parent or guardian, you will control the proceeds anyway. Good luck.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Pay  For  A  Hotel?
If you can not live in your rented home or apartment due to a covered loss (claim) then your renters insurance policy will cover loss of use and can put you up temporarily in a hotel or motel. For example there is a fire and you can not live in your home your renters policy will pay for your housing under loss of use until a suitable replacement can be made or the policy limit runs out which ever comes first.

Can  You  Get  Renters  Insurance  Online?
So companies have an online purchase but in my experience I have always found that my customers have always preferred an Personal Agent verses a random agent in a call center. You can fill out an online request for a quote at WEBSITELINK and email or fax for a quote

Do  Insurance  Companies  Have  To  Pay  Back  Equity  On  A  Lapsed  Whole  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Until you notify them of your cancellation, unless stated in the application process, insurance companies will draw down the cash values to maintain the policy "in force" as long as possible. They cannot decide to "cash you out" because you've missed some premiums. If they did, they would basically be breaking the law. It is up to the insured to close out a policy and request any proceeds from such a choice. If the insured says nothing an insurance company has to treat the policy as in force drawing off of cash values to maintain coverage. Surprisingly a lot of people do decide to just let their policies "run out". So unless you tell them, they don't know.

What  Type  Of  Retirement  Plan  Do  I  Have?
When you're unclear about your retirement account, you need to determine a few items. Are you funding your retirement by yourself or through your employer? Are you deducting your contributions? If your funding your retirement yourself and deducting the contributions, you may have an IRA. If money is being withheld beyond the payroll deductions of FICA, FUTA and SUTA then you may have a 401(k).

How  Long  Does  It  Take  Life  Insurance  Companies  To  Pay  Out?
It usually takes life insurance companies a week or two to pay the death benefit to the beneficiary. This is a week or two from the time that the death claim and certified death certificate have been received by the life insurance company, notifying them of the death and cause of death.

Can  You  Withdraw  From  Your  Retirement  Plan?
Can you withdraw from your retirement plan? It's actually going to depend on what your retirementplan actually is. In most cases a provision allows for withdrawals from a plan, though the retirement plan participant may incur a 10% penalty from most plans for withdrawing funds. In some cases there may be more involved details. A retirement plan actually is one of the last places to visit when looking for funds. There are some pitfalls to borrowing or surrendering from your retirement plans.

Does  Car  Insurance  Cover  Earthquake  Damage?
I do not believe that earthquake damage is covered under an auto insurance policy. Earth movement is typically excluded from homeowners policies. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be within the policy or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Can  You  Buy  Flight  Life  Insurance?
There is such a coverage for flight insurance. It is known as common carrier accidental death insurance. It can be purchased online, through travel agents, insurance agents and even most airports. It is a very low priced high benefit life insurance that will only cover you for that particular flight and return flight. This is a very low risk policy for insurance companies hence the low premium. Flying is still the safest way to travel and very few policies every have a claim.

How  Much  Is  Life  Insurance  In  Colorado?
Life Insurance rates in Colorado will in most cases be the same in any other states. The rates or premiums as they are referred to are determined by a number of factors including you age, if you smoke or not, what if any health issues do you have?, If there are health concerns, how well are you managing them ie. are you following your doctors directions with the required follow up? The amount of coverage will also affect the rates as well as if you are looking at a term or permanent coverage. Contact your local broker to get more specific rates for your specific situation.

Who  Is  The  Biggest  Health  Insurance  Company  In  The  US?
United Health Group (includes United Healthcare) is the biggest health insurance company in the United States and offer plans in every state. Wellpoint (includes Anthem) Kaiser, Aetna, Cigna, Coventry, and CareFirst are some of the other big name insurance companies in the country. However, not every company offers health plans in every state.

How  Long  Can  Children  Stay  On  Parents  Health  Insurance  In  Pennsylvania?
Because of recent law changes by President Obama, children may stay on their parent's health insurance policy up to age 26. This is true throughout all 50 states. Children dependents, up to age 26, may stay on their parent's policy even if they are married, attending school, not financially dependent upon their parents, not living with their parents or even if they are offered their own insurance through employment. Special needs children can be covered under their parent's plan past age 26.

How  To  Get  Home  Insurance  After  Being  Dropped?
An insurance company may take action to non renew your Homeowners' coverage for any number of reasons. Their standards are filed and approved by your State's Insurance Department so the reason cannot be arbitrary. If for a number and amount of claims, then these standards are not necessarily the same across the board for all companies. If cancelled as a result of unrepaired hazards, this is a bit more significant, but once the hazards are repaired, that eliminates the issue and you should be able to obtain coverage fairly easily. If your property is in such a state that it fails to meet any company's underwriting standards, then talk to your insurance professional about options that may be available in your state. Many states have programs for higher risk properties where coverage, though limited, may be available. Finally, if none of these options are viable, if you have a mortgage, your mortgage company will obtain coverage if only to protect the extent of their interest. The premium will be passed on to you and added to your monthly payments.

What  Are  Some  Examples  Of  Disability  Insurance  Companies?
There are many disability insurance companies available in the U.S. market. In the brokerage distribution channel Standard of Oregon, Principle, Met Life, Assurity, Illinois Mutual, Lloyd's of London, Mutual of Omaha, Fidelity and Lloyds of London. In the career channel there is Mass Mutual and Guardian. There are others, but these are the players in disability insurance.

What  Is  A  Disadvantage  Of  Annuities?
There are several considerations when purchasing an annuity, some of which could be construed as negative characteristics: fees, surrender charges, commissions. But many savings vehicles and investments have similar items that some deem as draw backs as a good financial product. Are the advantages worth the draw backs? Each annuity product must be assessed on its our virtues.

How  Do  You  Apply  For  Disability  Insurance?
To apply for Disability Insurance, you first consult with a knowledgeable agent to get the type of policy you need, and one that fits your budget. Then you fill out an application and submit it. There will be a paramed exam done in your home or other place of your choice. The underwriter may order medical and/or financial records. Once everything is reviewed, your policy will be approved at the rating the DI company deems appropriate. You accept the policy by paying the premium and signing some delivery paperwork.

How  To  Choose  A  Life  Insurance  Company?
Choosing a life insurance company often starts with a referral from your friends, family or other advisors to a life insurance professional. It is usually best to utilize the services of a professional who can help make sense of the many choices available. Most are able to work with more than one life insurance company and can provide information about each one. As you narrow down the options, you can and should go online and research insurance companies on your own and ask questions about them. The ratings services such as AM Best are also a good place to go.

Who  Buys  Annuities?
Annuities are bought by many types of people. Mainly people who are saving for retirement. The majority of annuity owners are 50 or over. it is a retirement savings product that traditionally has lent itself to near-retirees. The closer you get to retirement age, the more conservative your retirement savings should become. This is to help eliminate volatility, which can be very harmful to retirement income. But some types of Annuities can be suitable for younger people too. Variable Annuities offer direct market investments which can be attractive to younger buyers. And Indexed Annuities offer index-linked interest gains, which can act as an in-between to a traditional Fixed Annuity or CD, and a Variable Annuity or other market investment. Many Indexed Annuities offer a Guaranteed Lifetime Income Rider. This rider is now available to people as young as 40, and a few companies even offer it to any age. This Rider can be an excellent guaranteed source of income for a younger consumer, and supplements other retirement savings very well.

Which  Pension  Annuity  Is  Best?
All product lines may have certain policy provisions that are nuanced enough to be distinctive from their competitors. But an annuity purchase should be based the product suitability as it relates to the potential annuity buyer. Product suitability is established by developing a personal financial profile that includes a risk assessment, financial goals and their projected timelines. There is no best pension annuity for retirement until the retiree is vetted for a product solution.

How  Does  Social  Security  Fit  Into  A  Retirement  Plan?
Assuming that Social Security is financially viable, it can be part of a comprehensive retirement plan. One of the new trends in Social Security for baby boomers is to delay taking benefits until age 70 to generate the maximum income. at the same, delaying qualified plan income until 70 1/2 when you must take required minimum distributions.

Does  My  Spouse  Have  My  Auto  Insurance?
Only if she is a listed driver on your policy or has her own. While she may be covered if she is not listed, since she is a member of your household, it could present a problem down the road. If your spouse has several DUI's for example and you failed to list him or her on your policy, then the company would probably pay the claim but then you would be cancelled or have a major rate increase. It is always best to make sure all drivers in your house are either listed as drivers or specifically excluded from your policy. If they are excluded then do not let them drive your car unless they have their own policy.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Work  For  Roommates?
In order for roommates to be covered by renters insuranceroommatesmust be listed on the policy. Many companies will not cover more then 1 roommate so often times each person residing in the property would need to purchase their own renters policy as well. AnInsurancecompany will assume a risk based on the application and does not look to cover what they have not been made aware of. Especially in a liability situation.

Will  My  Car  Insurance  Go  Up  When  I  Move?
It may. Geographic location is one part of the equation that is used to determine your auto insurance rates. Insurance carriers typically usezip code to define a geographic location if your movekeeps you within the same zip code that you currently reside in then your rate quite possibly won't change.Depending on how the area is rated as compared to where you previously resided it could possibly cause your rate to gone down or up.

Can  Everyone  Get  Health  Insurance?
Can everyone get health insurance? Well, soon we will find out in 2014. The quesiton will be can we afford it? Prior to Obamacare, health insurance was the domain of states to set the rules for insurance. Some states have very good consumer oriented insurance laws and others really don't. I live in a state where anybody who wants health insurance can get it, granted you still have to pay for it, but you can get coverage. My state actually adopted the Clinton Plan and fixed it to where it works and works well. Obamacare will have a lesser impact in my state than others, because we already were doing many of the things in Obamacare.

Who  Can  Help  Me  Find  Health  Insurance?
Being an agent, I would have to say that your best bet is to work with a health insurance agent. Why? Because trained, licensed health insurance agents know which carriers have the best prices at any given time, which policies best fit your particular situation - and agents are there to help you before, during and after the sale. I am helping my existing clients on a daily basis. And with Healthcare Reform coming, my clients know they don't have to worry about a thing - I will be there to help them make the transition.

What  Is  Own  Occupation  Disability  Insurance?
Own Occupation Disability Insurance is a DI policy that will pay the insured person if they cannot perform their "own occupation" due to being disabled. The definition in the contract goes something like this: "The inability to perform the material and substantial duties of your regular occupation, with the insurance company considering your occupation to be the occupation you had at the time of becoming disabled, and the company will pay the claim even if you are able to work in another capacity." E.g. If you are a rocket scientist who is unable to remember complicated formulas due to progressing MS, you can still receive your disability benefit despite being able to work as a data entry person.

How  Long  Can  I  Carry  My  Child  On  My  Auto  Insurance?
As long as your child is driving your car or a car titled to you, you can keep your child on your insurance. Once your child purchases a car in your child's name that child must purchase their own insurance. There is no age requirement, it is based on who owns the car, you or your child.

What  Does  10  Year  Level  Term  Life  Insurance  Mean?
What does a ten year level premium life insurance policy mean? It means that for the first10 years (or 15,20,25 or 30 years) the premium charged will remain the same guaranteed for the amount of time stated. After that, most level term policies can be continued out to age 90 or 95 depending on the company. The premium after the level period howver, becomes annual increasing premium term.

How  Much  Does  A  Renters  Insurance  Cost?
Renters insurance cost can vary greatly depending on many factors. Some of those factors are: the amount of coverage thatyou are seeking, the geographic location of the premise to be covered, the amount of your deductible, your claims history, the distance of the nearest fire department and the distance of the nearest fire hydrant just to name a few. Contact a local agent to get a free quote for coverage in your area.

Which  Medigap  Plan  Is  Right  For  Me?
There is not a clear cut answer to this question. It depends on what benefits you want and how much money you want to spend on a premium. The top of the line Medigap policy is Plan F. It offers the most comprehensive coverage and often the highest premium. The opposite end of the spectrum is Medigap Plan A. It provides some basic benefits at a lower premium. In between are eight other Medigap Plans (B,C,D,G,K,L,M,N) all with varying benefits and premiums. It's best to discuss your specific situation with a Medicare Supplement specialist. You'll receive benefit information and premiums tailored to your needs. Please feel free to contact me if I can be of further assistance.

How  Important  Is  Renters  Insurance?
Renters insurance only becomes important when you need it. Keep in mind that renters insurance will cover your personal belongings (aside from fine arts, jewelry, etc.), additionally, it will cover Personal Liability. Renters insurance is an unbelievable value if you think about it... for $200, or so, you can cover your personal belongings and, in many cases, get coverage for $500,000 of Personal Liability. Hope this helps.

Where  Does  Medigap  Fit  In  With  Medicare  And  Medicaid?
Medigap is a supplemental health insurance policy that can be purchased to go along with Medicare Part A and Part B. It is used to cover the costs that Medicare does not cover. Medigap does not fit in with Medicaid as Medicaid covers all medical costs and does not have the "gaps" of coverage that Medicare does.

How  Long  Can  Children  Stay  On  Parents  Health  Insurance  In  Maine?
The Affordable Care Act (approved, on the exchange plans) allows kids to be covered up to age 26 no matter what (even if they are married!). Some plans that are 'off exchange' may still have certain criteria that must be met, for example: the child must be a full time student.

When  Can  Auto  Insurance  Drop  You?
An auto insurance provider can drop you for the obvious like non payment of premium after the end of a grace period. You can also be non renewed at the end of your current policy term because you have had too many accidents or moving violations and therefore fall outside of their filed underwriting guidelines. In cases like these, they are required to give you notice of 30 days. If you receive a DWI and your license is suspended and the company hears of this, you may be dropped mid term, but again, notice must be sent.

How  Much  Does  Renters  Insurance  Usually  Cost  A  Month?
I would say within my geographic area that the average renters insurance policy that I have dealt with is about 10-20 per month. The rate that you pay for this coverage can vary greatly depending on many factors. Some of those factors are geographic area, amount of coverage desired, deductible, age of building, number of units in the building, and more. Please contact a local agent to find out how rates stack up in your area.

Does  State  Farm  Offer  Whole  Life  Insurance?
State Farm offers life insurance, both term and permanent through their captive agents along with property and casualty insurance. However, unlike the latter types of coverage, life insurance cannot be discounted as part of other coverage such as homeowners and auto. They life insurance prices are worth comparing against others from and independent agent, especially if the proposed insured has or has had any health issues.

Can  Health  Insurance  Drug  Test?
If you are purchasing health insurance on the individual market or on an exchange, no insurance company us is allowed to be require drug testing (unlike life insurance). However, if you are obtaining your coverage through your employer, it is possible that drug testing may be required, if not to obtain health insurance, for other aspects of your job or eligibility to perform other tasks.

Can  You  Cancel  Your  Homeowners  Insurance?
Yes, of course you cancel your home insurance.But before you do that make sure you have a policy in place to replace it. Insurers are only part of the equation. Your mortgage company or bank who has an interest in your property is going to require that you have a policy in place. In the event that they determine you do not they will have "forced placed " insurance set in motion. That is going to be ultimately more expensive for you and may not have all the coverage nuances that you have now. Talk to an agent before you proceed to cancel a policy and they should be able to assist you. If you are not satisfied wuith your agent look around and find another/

Can  I  Change  My  Medigap  Plan  Anytime?
Yes and many people don't realize this because of all the advertising that is done during the annual enrollment period. The annual enrollment period (AEP) is only for people who have a Medicare Advantage plan. You can switch your Medigap Plan anytime it benefits you. If you work with a good independent agent that specializes in Medigap Insurance they will be able to make sure you have the best plan at the best premium for many years to come. Every few years it's a good idea to check in and get a review of your current plan to see if there is anything more attractive out there. Rates and plans change all the time.

When  Can  I  Go  On  Medicare?
People typically go on Medicare Part A & B when they turn age 65. From there, they decide on getting a Medicare Supplement or a Medicare Advantage plan to cover what Medicare Part A & B does not cover. If you are on a group plan from an employer you may be able to delay getting Part B until you retire. Some folks can go on to Medicare before age 65 if they have certain health issues.

What  Is  The  Best  Homeowners  Insurance  In  Delaware?
The Best Homeowners Insurance Company in the State of Delaware may be Stillwater Insurance Company; they offer excellent customer service, an online portal for client payments and outstanding claims service. Delaware Home Insurance has never been so easy, convenient and affordablefor preferredresidential home risks! There is a link providing an online format to obtain a quote and buy Delaware Home Insurance online; it may be used by Escrow/Closing Professionals, Mortgage Professionals, Real Estate Agents and directly by Consumers. An exemplary online experience for all! WEBSITELINK

Who  Should  I  Buy  Life  Insurance  From?
I have given a lot of thought to this question. As you know, I sell life insurance professionally. It is a very competitive marketplace, and consumers have many options. You can go to independent brokers. You can go to captive agents. You can go to P&C brokers, group benefits consultants, financial planners. You can go to bankers, accountants, stockbrokers, and virtually every other financial professional who cross-sells. You can go on-line. You can go to some companies directly. I have staked my ground as a self-employed, independent, life insurance specialist. I think this model equips me to give not just good service, but outstanding service to my clients. I will tell you why. You cannot be a jack of all trades and master of none. Life insurance is not an add- on commodity. It happens to be the most complex and extensively underwritten financial product in the marketplace. In some cases, you can go through more hoops buying life insurance than if you were buying a business. A life insurance broker needs to be a master of the underwriting process. He has to guide people through those hoops to get the most desirable results. Therefore he has to specialize in this product, and this product only. Financial representatives who have become expert in another niche simply cannot master a second one. How many master builders out there are also master electricians and master plumbers? The broker also has to be independent. Its not just a question of having access to multiple companies because different companies will be competitive for different insurance. Its also a question of having access to different distributors. Different general agents will have leverage with different underwriters in different companies. You cant just affiliate with one wholesaler and expect them to get the job done right for everyone of your clients. You need to spread your business around. Treating your sales practice like a business is also key. You are not just a salesman, and you are not just an expert. You are a businessman who cannot survive without clients. You do not get paid until they are happy with the policy they bought. You need to have an attitude of keeping the customer satisfied. And that starts with making integrity the core of your business model. Every quote given should be both competitive and reliable. People should know what theyre getting before they sign on the dotted line. They should expect to get approved at the rate quoted. This is a normal expectation every consumer has. Whether you aree buying a toaster, a car, or an entire corporation, the product must be delivered at the agreed-upon price. This means that the life insurance salesman must make a commitment and an investment in every client taken on. He will have to negotiate and advocate on behalf of the client to make sure that all parties involved in the prequalification and underwriting processes perform with integrity. This way you as the consumer will be a happy camper when you do business with that broker. And that is the bottom line.

Who  Sells  Medigap  Insurance?
Mr. Burke is correct in that there are many companies that offer Medicare supplements, or Medigap policies. They can also vary from state to state. However, I want to qualify the Broker suggestion. Brokers do not have access to all companies and thus may not be able to offer you what could well be the best plan for you. This is because not all insurers work through brokers. There is no substitute for due diligence on your part. Things that you will want to investigate are things like the financial stability of the insurance company as well as their reputation and their historic rate increases. While it is true that simply choosing a broker is easy, there is no substitute for educating yourself. Cheapest or easiest is not always best.

What  Is  The  Best  Medicare  Advantage  Insurance?
It depends on your locality and personal situation. There is no way to answer that on this forum. When you shop for a Medicare Advantage Plan you need to consider several things. Is it an HMO that requires you to stay in network? If so are your doctors in the network? If it is a PPO (Preferred Provider Organization) you would still want to be sure your doctors are in network but you will be covered if you go out of network at higher out of pocket costs. Do you travel and are out of state more than a few weeks at a time? If so does you MA plan have a network you can utilize in the area you stay? Are all of your prescriptions covered? MA plans have a formulary and not all drugs are covered? It is always best to consult with a local agent who handles both MA plans and Medicare Supplement plans. A good agent with a good reputation in the area is always the best source for advice.

How  Much  Can  2  People  Save  On  Auto  Insurance  If  The  Get  Married  And  Combine  Policies?
It really depends on where you live, what you drive, your driving record and the types of auto's you have to insure. If you have full coverage on all auto's, it will be more expensive usually than just liability only on both cars. I would love to help you with that

Does  Aflac  Have  Health  Insurance?
No Aflac specializes in indemnity policies. These pay the policy holder a specified sum upon a qualifying event. I frequently will include Aflac's policies in a group health planproposal they do serve a very valuable function just as a stand alone policy. However they areextremelyeffective in helping to manage costs while delivering high quality health plans.

How  Long  Is  A  Car  Insurance  Premium?
The majority of auto policies today are written on a six month basis. Some companies issue policies for one-year. Very few exceed that period of time. The full year policy is preferable if everything else is equal because it will not make a mid-year correction. I suppose there are situations where the 6 month policy could be preferable.

Does  Life  Insurance  Cover  Medical  Bills?
Life insurance will cover medical bills or whatever bills that the BENEFICIARY uses the proceeds to cover. Unless the life insurance policy has "living benefits" or a rider specified for certain expenses incurred while still alive, the policy does not pay out anything until the death of the insured person.

Who  Has  The  Lowest  Homeowners  Insurance  Rates?
Is there really a carrier that has the Cheapest Homeowners Insurance Premium Rates? In order to answer this question, you would need to understand the rating structure and the goals and principles of the industry. It is the desire of each and every insurance carrier to do the following: 1) Gain a Fair Share of the Risk 2)Maintain Financial Reserves 3)Provide Excellent Customer Service 4) Stay in the Technology Forefront 5)Adjust and Pay Out Claims quickly and fairly 6) Show a profit each year not to exceed the State maximum allowed If any carrier offered the cheapest possible rates, the above 6 items would most probably not be accomplished. Also, carriers wish to evenly spread risk across the vast service area where they are licensed, a concentrated area of risk would defy the principle of the law of large numbers thereby subjecting the carrier to great loss should a large incident occur in that single area. Customers seek the lowest premium and most often speak to insurance agents; between customers seeking a 'cheap' premium and insurance salespeople hungry to sell policies for a commission gain, the principles of insurance are simply forgotten.In order to keep this issue from getting out of hand, insurance companies have underwriting departments who review each risk and take any necessary action to mitigate the risk, in some cases by issuing underwriting advisories or by issuing a notice of cancellation. In order to provide an online format to obtain a quote and buy home insurance online in multiple States; we have devised the following link which may be used by Escrow/Closing Professionals, Mortgage Professionals, Real Estate Agents and directly by Consumers. An exemplary online experience for all! WEBSITELINK

Does  Ebay  Offer  Health  Insurance  For  Sellers?
I do not believe Ebay has a health insurance plan for sellers. Such a plan would be almost impossible to underwrite and issue. Ebay sellers can be located anywhere in the world. There would be so much diversity in age, gender and health (primary factors in the rating process) as to make it impossible to adequately price.

What  Does  Cobra  Stand  For  In  Health  Insurance?
COBRA stands for the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act which was passed in 1986, and amends the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA). COBRA provides for the temporary continuation of healthcare benefits, when coverage might otherwise be lost. It applies to members of group health insurance plans with more than twenty members. Private workers are covered, but not government employees.

Where  To  Buy  Short  Term  Disability  Insurance?
Most independent insurance agents and advisers have access to companies who sell disability, including short term disability insurance. But before you decide which disability insurance company to purchase, determine if your employers group benefit plan has short term disability insurance. Some of the companies to consider are Standard of Oregon, Mutual of Omaha, Mass Mutual, MetLife, etc.

How  Long  Does  It  Take  To  Get  A  Check  From  Life  Insurance?
If the paperwork is filled out completely and a certified death certificate is included with the paperwork, a life insurance claim can go through within a few weeks. However, even if there are problems, it is important for the life insurance company to get the check to the beneficiary within a couple of months. State regulators monitor this to be sure beneficiaries are paid in a timely manner.

How  Much  Does  It  Cost  To  Add  A  Car  To  Insurance?
If you are considering adding a vehicle to your policy I recommend you contact your agent or insurance provider and obtain a quote. You can discuss different coverage options that will be available to you in order to give you an informed decision as to which coverage's you wish to purchase for your new vehicle.

What  Does  Simple  Retirement  Plan  Mean?
what does Simple retirement plan mean? It means that someone is using a boilerplate retirement plan created by the IRS to provide a retirement program for a small business. I love Simples as their name says it all. A Simple is a straight forward plan design with only a few requirements to comply with to have the plan. The best part for a small business owner is it costs next to nothing to provide. There is no testing of the plan which costs money. Just a nominal per head fee of active participants. The employer doesn't pay fees for testing employees and accounting for employees who aren't in the plan. For a small business a Simple is a great choice for putting a retirement plan together for employees.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Water  Leaks?
Coverage for water damage is restricted by exclusions from the homeowners policy. if the leak is from outside water (roof, windows,) it isnt covered. If it is from a back-up of a sewer or drain, it is not covered (unless you have bought that additional coverage.) If it is from water that is coming into the house from the ground through the foundation, it is not covered. The normal scenario is that a water line bursts and floods a room or more. what you do once the leak is detected is critical in limiting damage (which is your responsibility.) Know where the water shut off valve is located in your house. Call your agent, company or a remediation contractor. Get the flow stopped. Get the water removed; Get your property properly dried. the damage might be much less than you expect. the damage is covered after the deductible is satisfied.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  AC  Replacement?
It really depends on what happened to the Air Conditioning unit. If the unit simply broke down there would be no coverage as this is not a standard peril of insurance polices. You would actually need equipment breakdown coverage which some insurance carriers are starting to offer as an added coverage. If the AC unit was destroyed by fire, or vandalized or damaged in a storm there would be coverage

What  Type  Of  Drug  Test  Is  Used  For  Life  Insurance?
With the blood test, the insurance company checks for nicotine use. With urinalysis they may look for cannabinoids (marijuana), cocaine, amphetamines (meth, speed), opiates (heroin, codeine, morphine), and phencyclidine (PCP). Not all use the same tests. Some use the testing of salvia to test of drugs, and No Exam policies do not do any drug testing.

Can  You  Deduct  Homeowners  Insurance  From  Your  Taxes?
Not unless your home is also your business. If you have an office in your home that portion of the home is deductible and the insurance on that portion would also be. As a rule though the answer would be no. Check with your tax adviser for guidance on your personal situation.

What  Does  20  Year  Term  Life  Insurance  Mean?
20 Year Term Life Insurance means that the policy will not go up in price for 20 years. Usually, the premium is guaranteed not to go up for the entire 20 years. However, some companies guarantee the premium to stay level for only part of the term, e.g. 10 years of the 20 year term. Then after that the premium could possibly go up. There are many guaranteed level term policies for the entire 20 years, so worth it to shop around. Also, it is a very popular policy, so prices are competitive.

Where  Can  I  Buy  Health  Insurance  On  My  Own?
You can buy health insurance through a health insurance broker or your state Marketplace Exchange. I would recommend buying your health insurance through a broker rather than doing it on your own because a broker can do the shopping, comparing, and enrollment for you at no cost (insurance brokers do not charge fees for their services). Please note, you can only buy health insurance during the annual open enrollment period or during a special enrollment period if you have a qualifying event (e.g. getting married, having a baby, leaving your employer's group plan, etc.) I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

How  Much  Home  Insurance  Should  You  Get?
Most insurance providers these days will begin there service for you by doing an on site inspection of your home. In addition to identifying anyissues that could possibly cause a loss in the future, we complete a Reconstruction Cost Analysis to determine what it might cost to repair or replace your home in the event of a loss. Once that number is determined, a reasonable recommendation can be made that will reflect current reconstruction costs in your area. Your insurance professional will also suggest either full replacement value or extended replacement as an option, which ever the company represented may offer.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Mold  In  The  Attic?
As a rule the answer would be no. Mold is caused by long standing dampness. Your homeowners policy may cover leaking roof due to wind or other covered peril but it is not going to cover mold in most situations. Check with your local agent to see if there are any exceptions in your policy.

What  Is  The  Best  Medicare  Replacement  Plan?
Medicare Advantage plans are technically a Medicare replacement plan. When you enroll in a Medicare Advantage plan you are no longer in traditional Medicare. Rather you are enrolled in a privatized form of Medicare. Your doctor, if they participate in the Medicare Advantage plan you chose, will file claims with your Medicare Advantage plan, not with Medicare. There is no "best" Medicare Advantage plan. The one that meets your needs and budget is what is best for you.

Is  It  Legal  To  Not  Have  Health  Insurance?
Yes it is legal to not have health insurance. However, a penalty is scheduled to begin in 2014 under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act that will impose the greater of $95 or 1% of income as an additional tax to those who do not obtain health insurance. This penalty tax will increase to the greater of $695 or 2.5% of income in 2016.

Is  Renters  Insurance  Needed?
Personally, I feel if you are renting you renters insurance. Without renters insurance if you were to experience a fire or other covered loss you would have to foot the bill to replace your personal items and the first months rent for another place to live. Renters insurance is typically very low cost. Contact a local agent to discuss coverages available in your area and the pricing associated with it.

Does  My  Baby  Need  Life  Insurance?
The two other reasons would be "garanteeing" their insurability and for efficient acumulation of funds. Many people purchase "umping juvinile" policies on their young children to lock in a low rate and to garantee that the child has life insurance, that serious health conditions can prevent a child/young adult from obtaining life insurance once such a health issue is diagnosed, purchacing a policy before the diagnosis will "lock" in the policy no matter what happens. Then the child reaches a prescribed age, generally 21, the face of the policy is increased automatically without the imposition of either an additional premium charge or a medical examination. The other reason for purchasing life insurance on one's baby would be for a college funding vehicle. The three most popular college funding vehicles are 529(c) accounts, Coverdell education savings accounts and Equity Indexed Universal Life policies. However one must structure the EIUL policy accordingly so that it effeciently accumulates excess cash value.

How  To  Purchase  Home  Insurance?
The best way to be sure that you are selecting the best fit for your needs is to talk to your Insurance Professional. You will need to provide the property location and whatever particulars about the house that you have, including style, year of construction and square footage, as examples. Your insurance professional will use this information, along with other source data from public record, real estate listings and most importantly, an on site visit to complete a reconstruction analysis upon which the recommendation will be based. Talk about deductible options and discounts that can help manage pricing.

How  Do  Retirement  Plans  Minimize  Taxes?
This really depends on the retirement plan, and not all retirement plans necessarily minimize taxes. Most plans that used what is colloquially referred to as "qualified" money, which means money that is deducted from income for income tax purposes in the year the money is placed into the plan will reduce your taxable income for that year. Many accountants and financial advisers will suggest you do this to save taxes in that given year. Whether or not this ultimately saves you any money in taxes long term depends on your taxable income once you retire and begin to take the money out of the plan, at which point in time it must be recognized as income and taxes will be due.

What  Is  Annuity  Reinsurance?
Like most forms of insurance, the issuing company may need to spread the risk among a pool of reinsurance partners. An annuity is a mortality product with a death benefit. The death benefit exposure is a risk to the insurance company. If their retention is too small they share that risk with reinsurance.

What  Is  Cross  Purchase  Life  Insurance?
In a business with, say, two equal shareholders, life insurance can be cross-owned to fund a written cross purchase buy-sell agreement. Shareholder A owns, and is the beneficiary of, a policy on the life of shareholder B. B buys a policy on A in the same way. If B dies, the buy-sell agreement would normally provide that A buys the shares of B. The life insurance proceeds A receives income tax free would provide the cash necessary to meet this obligation.

The  Portability  Of  Health  Insurance  Is  Governed  By  Which  Laws?
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (commonly referred to as HIPAA) was created in 1996 and amended ERISA and PHSA. It was designed to standardize how medical data/information is stored and shared across the country to help prevent fraud as well as ensure that plans would be portable, renewable, and accessible to people.

What  Is  Considered  Full  Coverage  For  Auto  Insurance?
Full coverage for auto insurance will typically include property damage coverage, bodily injury coverage, medical payments coverage, collision coverage, other than collision (comprehensive) coverage, rental car reimbursement coverage, and towing coverage. Collision and other than collision typically have policy deductibles associated with them from none up to two thousand five dollars per claim.

Why  Do  Rich  People  Buy  Life  Insurance?
Rich people may buy life insurance for many reasons. Here are some: 1. Business succession. E.g. A son getting a life insurance policy on his father could enable him to buy the business when his father passes. 2. Taxes. Life insurance can be purchased to pay taxes and/or to avoid having to pay some taxes. 3. Charity. Leaving life insurance to a charity maximizes the donation and allows the donor to not have to pay it in a lump sum. 4. Tax deferred retirement income. Indexed Universal Life is a great tool for this. 5. Almost unlimited contributions. Life insurance and annuities do not have the caps that some investments have.

What  Is  The  Cost  For  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
The cost for a long-term care insurance policy from a reputable company is running about $5,000 - $7,000 per year ($450/mo - $630/mo) for a person 55-60 years old, assuming that the person is healthy and can qualify for "standard" rate class. A "preferred" rate class would reduce those numbers by about 15-20%. Discounts can reduce premium significantly, if applicable.Long-term care insurance policies used to cost a lot less. But, to be truthful, insurance companies really miscalculated how much it would cost to pay out the high claims of an average policyowner and how much premium it would take to stay in business and make a profit. Even today, with higher premiums for the same coverage design available 10 years ago, the margins on this type of insurance are very thin. Recent claims history studies have shown that 1) policyowners do not allow these policies to lapse - less than 1% do, 2) more policyowners than anticipated are going on claim, and 3) the cost of medical facilities and skilled home care is going up at a greater rate than most consumer price indices (CPI).The take-away from all of this is in spite of the high cost, even a small, affordable policy is better than not having any coverage at all. A person's chance of needing at least some long-term care before death is greater than most other risks that people have insurance for. (However, it would not be prudent to purchase any long-term care insurance policy if going forward one knows that they will not be able to afford the premiums during retirement. If one can't afford the insurance, it is imperative to have a family discussion about a plan for family caregiving that might be needed before one dies.)There are lots of ways to keep costs for long-term care insurance affordable. Design is everything. To reduce premium and still have value, consider a lower-cost inflation rider or none at all; increase the maximum daily benefit to a higher amount than needed now and shorten up the number of years the pool of money is projected to minimally last; buy extra-cost riders only if your situation absolutely calls for them. Finally, buy young. Some LTCi experts suggest buying as young as 40. Most recommend that one not wait past 60 because premiums really start to climb after that age. By age 50, you should be seriously considering it. (I bought mine at age 53 and bought it on my wife when she was 49, and while it has been difficult in lean years to pay the premiums, I am so glad that we have kept the coverage in force. Neither of us would qualify medically to purchase it now.)

I  Had  A  Car  Accident  Will  My  Insurance  Go  Up?
There are many thing to consider to be able to determine if the rate will increase. Each carrier rates differently. Some carriers you pay for accident forgiveness other carriers you have right from day one small accident forgiveness and you pay nothing for that coverage. Also what type of accident did you cause damages to others or just damage to your auto. Was it a Deer. In Most cases the rate will not increase as much as it would cost to repair the damages. I have even seen some carriers that do not run your motor vehicle report so if you had them as a carrier the rate would not change at all. Each state and carrier has different laws and rates. Talk to your agent or your carrier and they should be able to tell you. Also even if you have not reported the claim and decided to pay it yourself your agent or carrier should be able to tell you if it will increase.

Does  Insurance  Cover  Non  Medical  Home  Care?
Long term care insurance would provide coverage for non medical home care. Long Term Care provides a pool of money to pay for help with the needs of daily living through home health care workers who provide a variety of service from specialized professional care to help with househould chores.

Can  I  Get  Auto  Insurance  With  No  Car?
Yes, there is a policy that is called a non-owned auto policy. This type of policy will only provide liability coverage not physical damage coverage. This means that the policy will typically provide coverage when you are involved in an accident and you are deemed responsible for the damage caused. It will typically not however cover any physical damage to the vehicle that you are driving.

What  Is  To  Blame  For  The  Sharp  Increases  In  Health  Insurance  Premiums?
What is to blame for the sharp increases in health insurance? Well is it OK to say everybody? We all have a hand in the cost of healthcare in this country. This is going to be why it will so hard to change our system or lower it's costs. To do so, requires everybody to do something and the problem is everybody has a solution that leaves them untouched and hammers the other guy. Just won't work that way.

How  Much  Does  A  Small  Business  Pay  For  Health  Insurance?
Small business is generally defined as fewer than 50 full time employees. That is also the definition used by Obamacare. Small business owners are generally required to pay at least 50% of the employee premium. Small businesses are also required to have at least 70% of eligible employees covered under the group health plan. If the small business fails to meet participation standards, the business owner will need to increase their contribution to the cost of coverage to increase participation.

What  Is  A  Deferred  Annuity  Policy?
A single premium immediate annuity is the basic annuity. It provides a lifetime of monthly income in exchange for a single premium. A deferred annuity is different in that it provides that the stream of income does not start immediately, but later, and that the company will accept deposits to the annuity until it starts the monthly income payments. The advantage to this plan is that the growth realized in the deferred annuity is free of current income tax.

Where  To  Find  Term  Life  Insurance?
The best place to buy term life insurance is from a licensed life insurance agent. Life insurance is sold like a commodity and can be purchased through the internet, through direct mail or newspaper advertisements; however, you will probably be most satisfied if you discuss the matter thoroughly with someone who understands you and the insurance companies available.

What  Drugs  Does  Medicare  Part  B  Cover?
The list of drugs that Medicare Part B covers is available at the following website: WEBSITELINK . They are outpatient prescription drugs that you normally would not administer to yourself, such as injectables and infusions. Drugs that are not covered under Part B may be covered under a Medicare Part D plan.

Do  Wills  Supercede  Life  Insurance  Beneficiaries?
To expand a bit ... Life insurance proceeds are among a class of assets that "pass by contract" at death; in this case, the contract is the insurance policy with its beneficiary designation. (Other assets that pass by contract include IRAs / Qualified Retirement Plans, annuities, jointly-owned bank or investment accounts, etc.) Assets that don't pass to a beneficiary by operation of a contract are subject to probate, which is where a will comes in. It is possible to have the proceeds of a life insurance policy be distributed according to the terms of a will by naming the insured's estate as the policy beneficiary (e.g. Beneficiary: Estate of the Insured). However, doing so is generally avoided because of the disadvantages inherent in the probate process: During probate, a will is subject to being challenged by anyone with standing (generally, anyone who can prove a relationship to the deceased). A beneficiary designation isn't subject to those types of challenges. Assets of the probate estate are subject to the claims of creditors of the estate; life insurance proceeds paid to the insured's estate may get depleted to repay debts before the intended heirs receive any benefit. The probate process is a public court proceeding, andcan be lengthy. A life insurance death benefit claim involves only the beneficiary and the insurance company, and claims are generally paid very quickly - often within two weeks.

What  Information  Do  I  Need  To  Get  Home  Owners  Insurance?
Great question. You would need to call in to your insurance broker with the following informaiton: 1. Home address 2. Year Built 3. Square Feet of the house 4. Mortgage information 5. Current insurance company some companies may require more information than others but that should be a good start.

Can  I  Get  Homeowners  Insurance  With  A  Bad  Roof?
Insurance companies are not in the business of correcting known defects. If your roof is in need of repair most companies will require that you make the necessary repairs prior to issuing you a policy. In some cases they might give you a period of time to affect the repairs but they will expect the repairs to be made.

Where  Can  I  Verify  Medicare  Eligibility?
You can verify Medicare eligibility at WEBSITELINK . There are also a number of websites created for that purpose, such aswww.checkmedicare.com. If you would rather call than use a website, you can call the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services at 1-800-MEDICARE (1-800-633-4227).

Is  Medicare  Enrollment  Automatic?
Medicare enrollment typically is automatic when you turn age 65. However, if you are still working then you will want to consider if you can delay your Part B and stay on the company insurance. If you have that option it's important to compare it to a Medicare Supplement that you can get in the market. Many clients find they can get equal too or better coverage for less money by looking at a Medicare Supplement instead of the company group plan. It is still a good idea to call your local Social Security office or go online at www.SSA.gov a few months prior to your 65th birthday to make sure everything is in order. You can also start reviewing your Medicare Supplement options up to 6 months out from turning 65.

What  Is  Annuity  With  Overlap?
Overlap refers to a type of joit life annuity with a guaranteed period. Joint life annuities, are as the name suggest annuities based on two lives. They can be structured to - Provide a level or increasing annuity payments for the lifetime of two annuitants -Provide and income that reduces on the first death and continues until death of the second. -Have a guaranteed period with the proceeds being paid to beneficiary if both annuitants die during the guaranteed period. With an Annuity with overlap, the initial payment continues until the end of the guaranteed period and the surviving annuitant also receives the reduced amount. For example $10,000 a year annuity income, 5 year guarantee, with payments reducing by 50% after first death. Death of one annuitant occurs in year 2. With an annuity with overlap the $10,000 would continue for 3 years (remaining guarantee period) and the 50% reduction of $5,000 per year would also be paid. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Much  Does  Life  Insurance  Cost  A  40  Year  Old?
To see what life insurance costs for a 40 year old male or female, with different builds and health conditions, you should talk to an insurance professional who asks questions so he/she can quote you correctly. To get a general idea of what different face amount and policy terms would cost for a 40 year old, you can use a free, instant quote engine provided on some life insurance websites. However, that quote could be way off base when risk factors and health conditions are involved. It is always best to talk to someone in addition to getting your quote online.

Will  I  Automatically  Be  Enrolled  In  Medicare  When  I  65?
If you OR YOUR SPOUSE have enough work history with Social Security wages you can qualify for Medicare Part A and Part B. Likewise, if you are divorced and you were married for at least 10 years and your spouse is eligible for Social Security you may be eligible for Medicare. If you are widowed, and you were married to your spouse at least 9 months before your spouse died and you are single, you may be eligible for Medicare.

Is  Disability  Insurance  Portable?
The portability of disability insurance depends on how the policy was set up at point of purchase. If it was an individually underwritten plan and paid for by the owner, then yes it cannot be cancelled due to change of occupation or health. If the plan was through a group it is advised to ask the benefit administrator or human resources director how the policy was set up. The short answer is some group disability policies are portable and some are not.

Will  I  Get  Taxed  For  Not  Having  Health  Insurance?
Supposedly, the PPACA or Obamacare is based on means testing. Millions of Americans will fall below the poverty threshold and pay nothing. Millions in the middle working class will qualify for credits to offset health care premium. But for everyone else who can afford to pay, pay the premium or pay a penalty.

Does  Car  Insurance  Cover  Driving  Abroad?
That is a great question! While you are able to drive in any State with your coverage, once you've crossed the border, it's not a safe bet that you are. Check with your agent before your trip, and find out exactly what is allowed. Canada might not be so much of a problem, but traveling to Mexico might be. And outside of the Continental borders will almost certainly be a no on coverage. Check with your agent, okay? Thanks for asking!

Is  Earthquake  Damage  Covered  By  Homeowners  Insurance?
Earthquake damage is not covered by most home insurance policies. Earthquake coverage can be added to a policy through what is called a rider or endorsement. The cost depends on the likelihood of an earthquake.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Visitors?
Renters insuance typically includes some liablility coverage for visitors to your premise that may be injured that you are deemed repsonsible for. Remember that every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that may be contained within or contact your local agent to have them go over it with you.

Can  You  Cancel  Progressive  Car  Insurance  At  Any  Time?
You have significant power to walk away from any insurer. Most states operate with regulations regarding how a cancellation in mid term is treated. Before you leap to canceling your Progressive policy, check with the Insurance department in your state. They will know whether there is a requirement to pro rate the premium or not. Pro rated cancellations are the norm and this is how that works. If you cancel an annual policy for which you paid the whole premium and you cancel at exactly six months, then the company will return to you 50 % of the premium. So, just make sure what the cancellation requirements are in your state.

Does  Your  Health  Insurance  Cover  You  Out  Of  The  Country?
The answer to your question can vary from health insurance carrier to health insurance carrier and may also be a function of whether you are covered under a self-insured plan with an employer who has made specific provisions for coverage outside of the USA. To the surprise (sometimes very unfortunate surprise) of many travelers, many health insurance plans do not provide coverage outside of the USA. You will really need to look at your certificate of coverage, check with your HR person or insurance agent to determine what your specific policy will do in such situations. I would start out with the conservative assumption that you would not be covered for a health care need outside of the USA and then you can only be pleasantly surprised. There are specialty health insurance policies for international health insurance coverage that can be purchased to provide protection to persons traveling or staying overseas for some period of time. If your domestic health insurance policy does not cover you outside of the USA or provides only limited coverage you may want to consider purchasing one of these specialty policies before going outside of the country.

What  Is  On  A  Life  Insurance  Application?
All life insurance applications ask for name, address, SSN, face amount, beneficiary, means of payment, and signature to agree to the terms of the contract. If it is a guaranteed issue policy, that is about the extent of the application. Simplified issue life insurance will ask a limited number of health questions in addition to the above. Most policies of this type will also ask if a policy is being replaced as a result of this transaction. Fully medically underwritten policies include all of the above, plus more detailed health questions, employment info, income, net worth, family health history, smoking history, whether the applicant indulges in dangerous hobbies, substance abuse questions, driving record, crime record, and names and addresses of doctors and medical records. Medically underwritten policies also request permission to do the HIV test.

What  Interest  Rate  Do  Annuities  Pay?
Rates are always changing. Before purchasing an annuity for a guaranteed rate, always review the spreadsheets provided by big insurance brokerage annuity distributors to get a good feel for the market. Presently rates for a 5 year deferred annuity are around 2.75% and ten years around 3.00%. with recent Treasury rates rising, ten year rates may not be the best selection for an extra 25 basis points.

What  Is  A  Deferred  Gift  Annuity?
It is a contract with a charity in which the charity will agree to pay a certain amount of money, normally monthly, to one or even two people, during their life. This will be done in return for cash or property given to the charity. These plans permit a person to pass assets to a charity while insuring them of a stream of income. The stream of income is guaranteed by the full assets of the charity.

What  Does  Full  Coverage  Auto  Insurance  Entail?
Full coverage means that your automobile is covered in the event of an accident or other covered peril. Collision covers your automobile in the event of a collision with a non animate object such as an automobile or other vehicle, or a tree or building. Comprehensive covers your automobile for anything other than a collision, such as an animal strike, hail damage, a tree limb falling on your auto, windshield damage, vandalism. or theft. Generally, these only cover up to the value of the vehicle depreciated for age.

How  Do  You  Calculate  Annuities?
If you are asking how to calculate the payment received by an annuity this depends on the type of annuity payout. The simplest is a period certain based on a given interest rate. This is a time value of money solve for payment given a present value of X and interest rate of Y and a future value of zero. For annuity that are based on a life (or multiple lives) you would need to know that insurance companies discounting factors for mortality given a certain life covered.

Can  Car  Insurance  Be  Paid  By  Credit  Card?
Payment methods are solely up to the discretion of the carrier. Each carrier is allowed to determine the payment methods for policy premium that it is willing to accept. Contact your local agent to find out the payment methods that they are capable of accepting for premium amounts due.

Can  I  Get  Mail  Order  Prescriptions  From  Cigna?
I am not an attorney but I think it only makes sense to reserve an answer to a point after an investigation so the facts don't later exonerate you from responsibility. Our advice is always to show compassion for injured people but to avoid admitting fault until all the facts are known.

Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Wind  Damage  To  Roof?
Many insurers include amendments to the standard form. The standard form might include damage from windstorm. Your policy might be a replacement policy. The amendment that you might find in the rear of the policy changes that. It probably says that the company will only use actual cash value to settle a loss involving the surface of the roof. This is actually reasonable as roofs do not last as long as the rest of the house. A 20 year roof could have damage after 10 years and the company depreciates the roof and will make an adjustment that makes you whole. It wont pay for a new roof in most circumstances.

How  To  Plan  For  Retirement  In  Your  30s?
Planning for retirement in your thirties in commendable. You can never start planning early enough, especially if you subscribe to Einstein appreciation for compounded interest, i.e. then procrastination is an economic killer. Starting a retirement plan is paying yourself first. If you're in a high tax bracket and your employer offers a defined contribution plan and matches part of your pretax contribution, do it. If you have no employer plan in place, consider a traditional IRA or Roth IRA. And if you consider a Roth IRA,, you may want to look into a non-qualified cash value life insurance plan.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Air  Conditioners?
Only way a homeowners policy would cover your A/C unit would be if it was damaged by a covered claim. Tree falls on it, home gets struck by lightning or damaged by a house fire are just a few examples of things that could be a covered claim. If it's just old and stops working, no dice with your home policy. This is just generally speaking as insurance contracts vary by state and carrier. Give a local independent agent in your area a call and discuss your specific situation.

What  Exactly  Does  It  Mean  When  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  Is  Assigned?
Life insurance policies are often assigned for loan protection or to fund funerals, among other things. Collateral assignment still gives you some control in your policy, but allows a lender to repay your loan from your life insurance proceeds if you should pass away before the loan is paid off. Whatever does not go to your loan repayment, goes to the beneficiary of your choice. For funerals, the assignment may also collateral assignment, but if prepaying a funeral for Medicaid spend down, it must be irrevocable.

Which  Annuity  Should  I  Buy?
To determine whether an annuity is best for you, you need to establish a personal financial profile that includes a risk tolerance assessment and your life expectancy. Annuities have three basic crediting methodologies: fixed interest rate crediting, indice crediting and separate sub account crediting or debiting. The second item to determine is your effective tax rate. Once you have established these two parameters, financial profile and tax bracket you can review the top ranked annuities that are suitable for you.

How  Much  Home  Insurance  Should  I  Buy?
The correct way to evaluate your need for coverage is to assume that you return home tonight to a smoking pile of rubble sitting on the foundation of what was your home. You also know that a firefighter was injured in the blaze. How much do you want? I suspect you want to rebuild your home, replace your personal property, have a comfortable place to live while repairs are being made and defend any lawsuit that might arise. That is how much insurance you need.

When  Is  The  Right  Time  To  Purchase  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
The best time to by Long Term Care is when you are relatively young and healthy. Most people wait until they are older and their health declines. At that point it either becomes too expensive or they cannot qualify due to their health. I would recommend looking at Long Term Care Insurance while in your forties at least. There are some new hybrid life insurance policies that combine life insurance with long term care which may be a good affordable option.

Where  Can  I  Get  Homeowners  Insurance  With  Bad  Credit?
You should contact a local property and casualty insurance agent in your local area. Every company has different underwriting criteria. Many do now consider credit scores as part of the underwriting process, and certain carries do not. A licensed, independent agent familiar with your local market would know which carriers might approve your policy.

Is  Earthquake  Insurance  Worth  It  For  Renters?
This is a really good questions. I know you don't get allot of coverage in an earthquake policy for a renter but the deductible is low comparatively and one feature which I think is the best feature is the additional living expense. It's good to know at the very least housing will be paid for temporarily. As for if it's worth it or not. If your not sleeping at night thinking about it then it's worth it.

What  Is  Life  Insurance  Volume?
The term, Life Insurance Volume, is usually used with Group Life Insurance that is provided by the employer at the workplace. Life Insurance Volume refers to the face amount of the policy. It is often calculated as a factor of the employee's salary. E.g. the employee might receive 2 times their annual salary of life insurance coverage, meaning that if the employee died, their beneficiary would receive a death benefit equal to double their annual salary.

Can  I  Drive  My  Parents  Car  Without  Insurance?
Insurance follows the car. You, as a driver, do not have auto insurance, an automobile is insured. If your parents automobile is insured, and you are driving it with their permission, the insurance covering the car is in force. If you live apart from your parents and dont have a car or insurance on a car, and you are a licensed driver, you can, with their permission drive their insured car and the car will remain covered.

What  Is  A  Paid  Up  Life  Insurance  Policy?
A paid up life insurance policy is one for which no more premiums must be paid. If death were to occur, the death benefit would be paid to the beneficiary named in the policy, even though premiums had not been paid since being notified of the policy being a paid up policy.

What  Does  Medicare  Part  D  Cost  With  Medicare?
Part D is prescription drug coverage offered through private health insurance under the oversight of Medicare. Each plan has a different premium, the average being around $35. Do not select a Prescription plan solely on price. Each plan has a formulary. Depending on the drugs you are on a plan may or may not be right for you. One expensive drug not covered in a formulary will wipe out any savings on premium. Make sure your drugs are covered by the plan.

Is  It  Good  To  Have  Life  Insurance?
For most people, it is good to have life insurance. Life insurance allows you to provide for those you love, even after your death. They know when they receive that death benefit which was left specifically to them, that you cared about them and were a responsible person. Life insurance helps financially, but it also has other good ramifications at a very sad and tragic time.

Why  Buy  Medigap?
Original Medicare (Parts A & B) only cover about 80% of a senior's health care expenses, leaving the insured responsible for the other 20%. While 20% doesn't sound like a very big figure, it can add up to a nice big medical bill really fast. For example, if you had a procedure done that cost $10,000 and Medicare paid for 80% ($8,000), you would be responsible for the other $2,000 of the bill - how many people can just get out their checkbook and write a check for that amount? That number can be a lot higher too. The idea of a Medicare Supplement plan (commonly referred to as a Medigap Plan) is to cover the gaps in coverage that Medicare doesn't pay for (e.g. that other 20%). You pay a monthly premium to get these gaps covered so you're not hit with large bills. The resulting major advantage is it allows a senior to create a much, much more predictable health care expense structure - and when you're on a fixed income, this is vital. A plan F is the most comprehensive Medicare supplement plan available in the marketplace today - plans C, G, and N are very competitive as well.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Quitting  Smoking?
Under the new Affordable Care Act, many smoking cessation programs and related items may be covered under your private or group health insurance plan. Although the degree of benefits may vary, there's a good chance you can get some reimbursement. Simply check with your current carrier or if applying for a new policy through experienced brokers such as us, simply ask and we will check the insurers in your area. Full-time experienced brokers are always a great resource!

Can  I  Get  Homeowners  Insurance  Online?
Yes, homeowners insurance is available online. There are a number of underwriting companies that provide an online questionnaire to reveal the eligibility of the risk. For online quotes and insurance in California, Arizona & Nevada, you may click on: WEBSITELINK For all other States, you may search for a licensed brokerage allowing you access online.

How  To  Calculate  Renters  Insurance?
If you want an estimate, contact neighbors in similar units and find out what coverage they have and how much they are paying. If you want an accurate quote, contact your trusted insurance agent. If you dont have an agent, get recommendations from your neighbors, friends and colleagues. Make sure that the agent listens to you and delivers what is promised. A quote for a renters policy should only take a few minutes.

Can  A  Physical  Therapist  Opt  Out  Of  Medicare?
Physical therapists can participate in Medicare and accept assignment or not. If they accept patients that are covered under Medicare they must also adhere to Medicare fee schedules and guidelines for submitting and documenting claims. Therapists that accept assignment file your claim with Medicare and are paid by Medicare. Those that do not accept assignment still are required to file your claim but Medicare pays you, not the therapist.

What  does  final  expense  mean  in  life  insurance?
Final expense is a common term that simply refers to life insurance people buy to cover their burial expenses and other small final debts. These are whole life insurance policies that are typically $25,000 or less in the policy's face amount of coverage. There are no medical exams for them. The responses to the yes/no health questions, a prescription check, and a phone interview with the carrier (required by most companies, but not all) are the primary underwriting criteria that the carriers look at. If you're someone who cannot buy a final expense policy due to your health conditions, you always have the option to buy a guaranteed issue whole life policy - these are another type of final expense policies as they feature a maximum $25,000 face amount, except they feature a 2-yr graded period (if death occurs in the first 2 years of the policy, the carrier returns the premiums paid instead of paying out the death benefit, unless death occurs by accidental means). The advantage with these are that they do not ask a single health question. In short, it's pick and choose. Please feel free to contact me for help or if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

How  Much  Taxes  Do  I  Pay  On  Life  Insurance?
Generally life insurance proceeds are paid to the beneficiaries of the life insurance policy tax free. There are exception if the proceeds remain in the decedents estate and could be subject to estate taxes. Life insurance proceeds that generate income could be subject to ordinary income tax if the policy is surrendered with gain in ht e contract including any policy loans in excess of basis.

How  Does  Borrowing  From  Your  Life  Insurance  Work?
If there has been enough cash value accumulation in your life insurance policy to borrow from (after surrender charges and fees), you start by requesting a loan. The money is provided to you by check, or by money deposited to the account from which you pay the premiums. You need to set up a payment plan to pay back the loan with interest in order for your policy to stay intact with the original guarantees.

Do  You  Need  To  Have  Homeowners  Insurance  In  Nevada?
It is not required to havehomeowners insurance in Nevada. It is requiredby mortgage companieswhen you have a loan for the home. There are many reason to have home insurance even if it is not required. Some benefits of having this coverage is that it provides you liability coverage, personal property replacementand addtional living expense. If you have any more questions about home insurance you can give me a call at 702-609-9290 or visit my website to get a quote. WEBSITELINK

Can  You  Have  A  401K  And  A  Roth  IRA  At  The  Same  Time?
The existence of a 401(k) does not stop an individual from taking out a Roth IRA. The limitation on Roth IRAs has to do with the amount of adjusted gross income the individual has, or the combine incomes of joint filing couples. The 401(k) will be fully taxable upon retirement whereas the Roth IRA will be income tax free. The combination allows for better planning in the retirement years.

When  Does  Medicare  Cover  Ambulance  Rides?
Medicare covers emergency ambulance transportation when you need to be transported to a hospital or a skilled nursing facility. Keep in mind this transportation is when you've had a medical emergency and your health is in serious danger and you cant be safely transported by a car or taxi. Medicare coverage depends on the seriousness of your medical condition and whether you could have been safely transported by other means. Medicare will only cover ambulance services to the nearest medical facility that can give you the care you need.

Why  Should  Individuals  Purchase  Medigap  Insurance  Policies?
That is a great question! The reason they are needed is because there is a big gap between what Medicare pays for, and what you get billed for. The difference is almost a fifth of the total cost, and we all know that can add up quickly. The medigap plans help cover some of that gap, and often for services that medicare wont. I hope that helps, thanks for asking!

How  Much  Is  AARP  Life  Insurance?
AARP is not an actual life insurance company. They are an organization that endorses and recommends different insurance products to consumers. Typically, the cost of life insurance depends upon many factors, including yourageand health status. Also, the type of life insurance coverage you purchase will impact the cost of the plan.

Can  I  Add  My  Girlfriend  To  My  Car  Insurance?
Insurance follows the car. You can add any member of your household to your policy. You can loan your car to anyone you please. If your girlfriend didn't live with you and was in an accident while operating your car with your permission, she would be covered to the limits of your policy.

Why  is  my  insurance  so  high?  I  am  a  26  year  old  female  with  a  clean  driving  record.  I  drive  an  05  chevy  trailblazer.
Great question! In addition to the things that Mr. Pipes mentioned, there are a couple of other reasons why your insurance is high. Have you recently moved? Or had a problem with your credit? If you've had a serious ding on your credit before the last rate hike, that may be a reason why. Your insurance company factors in your credit score in their rates. If you recently moved, that may play a role also - from a quiet residential neighborhood to a downtown apartment can hike your rates, or if you've moved to a higher crime rate area. Unless it's just to recoup profits on their part, generally rate hikes are a sign of perceived increased risk. I'd advise you to look for an independent agent who can help you compare prices. Good luck, and if you need help, please contact me. Thanks for asking!

How  Much  Does  Life  Insurance  Cost  A  Month?
There are a lot of factors that affect the price of life insurance. How old are you? Do you smoke or use tobacco? What is your gender? Have you had any serious health conditions? How much life insurance coverage do you need? How long do you want the coverage to last?

Who  Issues  Annuities?
Term certain annuities are sold by a number of financial institutions including insurance companies, bank and trust companies. As the name implies, in exchange fora lump sum premium you receive an income for a specified term Life annuities are sold only by life insurance companies. As the name implies in exchange for a lump sum premium you receive a guaranteed income stream for the rest of your life. These type of annuities are available on a joint life basis and can have minimum guaranteed payout. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.If you would like to work with a local life insurance broker, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: life insurance broker Halifax or life insurance agent Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find a life insurance broker in your community.

Can  You  Get  Life  Insurance  If  You  Have  Had  Angioplasty?
Yes, you can usually get life insurance if you have had an angioplasty. The rate will depend on how long since you have had the angioplasty (it helps if the vessel has stayed open at least one year after the procedure was done), at what age it was done (as a general rule, the older, the better), the results of subsequent cardiac testing, and whether you have any accompanying health conditions such as diabetes, heart attack, or obesity.

Does  Progressive  Have  Renters  Insurance?
The answer to the question of whether or not Progressive offers renters insurance, depends on where you live.Check with an agent in your state.I can tell you that in California, Progressive does not offer renters or homeowners policies. Perhaps in time they will but for now renters have to go to another company.

Is  A  New  Roof  Covered  By  Homeowners  Insurance?
Talk to your Insurance Professional about the terms and conditions of your policy, but in general, it may very well be covered. The damage that requires you to have a new roof must be caused by a covered peril if you have a named peril policy or as in a newer policy form, not excluded from coverage. The settlement will of course be subject to your property deductible.

When  Should  You  Get  Disability  Insurance?
You should seriously think about purchasing at the very least short term disability insurance if you can't afford long term disability. But before you start shopping around, make sure your employer doesn't have some kind of disability insurance in your group plan. Nevertheless, you should purchase disability insurance when you start working full time.

Can  I  Put  Insurance  On  An  Automobile  I  Don't  Own?
In general, no, not for physical damage to the car. To insure property you need to have an insurable interest in the property you're protecting. In other words, you have to have something at risk. If you don't own it, what do you have at risk? This why titling is so important. You could, theoretically, put insurance on a car you don't own and not tell the insurance company that it's not titled to you. Hopefully, your insurance agent is experienced and professional enough to ask who the car is titled to, but it doesn't always happen. So, say you've insured this car you don't own and you get into an accident. You submit your claim to your insurance company to get your car repaired. One of the first questions a claims adjuster will ask is "who is the car titled to?". If the answer isn't you, you've got a problem. The insurance company will only pay the registered owner of the car. They are the only party that has a loss. The only exception to this is if the car is financed or leased. In this case, the finance company will require, as part of the contract, to be listed as a loss payee. This entitles them to collect on the damage to that car. That's how it applies to physical damage. For liability or injury, it's different. Here, the insurance follows the insured. You could, theoretically, get liability insurance without owning the car you're driving. Again, your agent will ask who owns the car, and they'll believe what you tell them. If a claim happens for injury or liability, they will protect you, the insured. I don't know why you'd want to insure a car you don't own, but I have an idea. It could be that a friend or relative is loaning you a car because you don't have one of your own or it could be that a child, or someone else in your household owns this car but doesn't want to, or can't, insure it themselves because they're young and it's expensive, or they have such a bad driving record they just plain can't get insurance. Either way, don't get yourself in a situation where you have to lie to your insurance company or agent. If something happens, the truth will come out and you may not get anything out of it anyway. Be smart. Find an agent you can trust and be truthful with him/her. They'll tell you the right way to do it so that you don't put yourself or your family at risk.

How  Do  Interest  Rates  Affect  Annuities?
Interest Rates directly effect all Annuities. But especially Fixed Annuities. Basically, the higher rates are, the companies can offer more or better benefits on Annuity Policies. An Insurance Company is required to invest enough of your premium into treasuries to secure any guarantees they made in the contract. So the higher the treasury rates are, the higher the guarantees in annuities are.

What  Is  Variable  Adjustable  Life  Insurance?
I believe it is just another name for Variable Universal Life. IN a Variable Universal Life product, you choose market investments to invest a portion of your premium payment to hopefully grow money tax deferred, and also have a death benefit. Of course it is a market investment, and there could be negative returns as well.The adjustable part means there is flexibility in the premium based on the value of the account.

What  Happens  If  You  Can't  Get  Homeowners  Insurance?
Many states have a FAIR plan, which is a fund administered by the state to be a Property Insurance company of last resort. Their rates may be significantly higher but they can normally place coverage for you. Also, if you talk to an insurance agent that writes for multiple companies, there are many high-risk insurance companies that will take people with multiple claims or very bad credit, etc. I have found very few people who can't get Home Insurance at some cost, but often the costs become so prohibitive that they have to either go without, or sell their home.

Why  Purchase  Whole  Life  Insurance?
The two types of needs that are best suited for whole life insurance are: 1. People who need permanent life insurance 2. People who wish to make use of whole life insurance's cash accumulation capabilities. This is especially useful for those looking to diversify finances and add a conservative cash position to their holdings.

Does  Getting  A  Car  Insurance  Quote  Affect  Your  Credit?
Generally not. While many companies now run credit checks it usually is not really going to affect your credit score a great deal. It will show up as an inquiry. Insurance companies utilize what is called an insurance credit score. This is a little different than your regular credit score. Your credit history is just a part of your total insurance score.

Is  Life  Insurance  A  Tax  Shelter?
Properly structured and executed permanent life insurance policies accumulate cash values tax free, then distribute them to the policy owner tax free in the form of loans, or tax free to the beneficiary upon death of the insured. Thus, they can be viewed as a tax shelter in some situations, especially since there is no limit (except financial justification) to the amount that can be contributed to them. NOTE: Values above basis (face amount) of the policy can be taxed, interest on the death benefit can be taxed if taken in installments, and estate taxes apply. See your tax attorney and your life insurance agent together for a thorough review of all the implications and advantages of using life insurance as a tax shelter.

What  Is  A  Face  Amount  Of  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
The face amount of a life insurance policy is the original dollar amount for which the policy was taken out. It is also the amount that is paid to the beneficiary or insured (if the policy matures), minus any loans, or increased by any values stated in the contract.

How  Are  Annuities  Regulated?
Tax deferred annuities are regulated by the department of insurance in each state. Variable annuities have an additional governing body called FINRA because it is a registered security product. Licensed insurance agents and registered representatives must be licensed with at least a series 6 and series 63 to sell variable annuities.

Can  You  Get  Renters  Insurance  Without  A  Lease?
Yes, renters insurance does not require a lease for securing coverage. You must be renting the premise that you are looking to receive coverage for. Contact a local agent to discuss coverage availability and pricing within your geographic location. A licensed agent will be able to provide you with all of the coverage choices available to you.

What  Will  Happen  To  My  401K  If  I  Die?
Your beneficiary will receive the benefits as income and will be taxed as income it can still be held in the account or rolled over in another product if the plan is set up in the spouses name also such as John and Jane Doe keep in mind once the proceeds are out of the account and in the bank it is considered cash and will be considered income talk with a financial planner. See my website

What  Is  Guaranteed  Premium  Life  Insurance?
Guaranteed premium life insurance is life insurance where the premium is guaranteed not to go up for a certain amount of time. In term life, this is usually (but not always) the number of years in the term. When the term ends, the premiums usually jumps very high. In universal life, you can often select a period of time where the premium will not go up and the policy will not lapse. If you want the premium to not go up for your lifetime, you would pick a universal life policy with the premium locked in to age 100 or longer. In whole life, the premium is usually guaranteed to age 100, at which time the policy will pay you the face amount if you are still alive.

Am  I  legally  allowed  to  drop  my  work  heath  insurance  for  my  daughter  and  just  use  her  medicaid?
You areprobably talking about the Childrens Health Insurance Program (CHIP) rather than Medicaid. These are two separate programs andthey operate under different rules and eligibility criteria.Eligibility rules will vary from state to state but they are based upon the parent's income level. In most states a family of four can earn up to $47,700 annually and still qualify for this program. To get more detailed information you should call the CHIP hotline at 1-877-543-7669 and explain your specific situation to them to get a definitive answer for your state. Where your situation gets much more complex is in regards to Section 125 of the IRS regulations and whether your child would qualify for coverage under Title 19 of the Social Security Act or Title 21 (where CHIP come into the picture). If your employer has a Section 125 plan in place and you are currently paying for your share of the health insurance on a pre-tax basis (the probability that this is the case is pretty high as most employers have adopted such plans) then you are probably locked into your current coverage until your group's next open enrollment period. This is because becoming eligible for CHIP is not a "qualifying event" under the IRS guidelines that would allow you to drop your child from your group coverage during the group's plan year. To be eligible for Medicaid under Title 19 there generally has to be a disability of some type involved or where one parent is absent, incapacitated or unemployed.

Which  States  Offer  State  Disability  Insurance?
California, New Jersey, Rhode Island, Hawaii and New York offer short term State Disability Insurance programs. Workers are protected from losing their jobs due to inability to work for short term illnesses or injuries that are incurred while not working on the job in these five states. Some states provide their own insurance, while others mandate that private employers provide it.

Will  Variable  Annuities  Keep  Ratcheting  Up?
Assuming that ratcheting up refers to the interest rate credited to the high water mark solely used for income purposes only, the short answer to day is no. The interest rate arms race of the last decade is over. The interest rate posture taken by new variable annuity contracts offered today in comparison to the last decade has decreased. It could change. But in short term more than likely no.

What  Health  Insurance  Can  I  Get  With  A  Pre-Existing  Condition?
One of the main provisions of the Affordable Health Care Act that went into effect January 1 of this year, is that one can no longer be refused coverage for a pre existing condition. Coverage information and premium ratesare available from many insurance providers that are compliant with the new law and can be found either through the Federal Government's web site or various state Health Exchanges.

What  Does  Military  Life  Insurance  Cover?
According the VA website about SGLI (Servicemembers' Group Life Insurance), coverage is offered for every type of death except that which occurs as punishment for a crime or military offense. The punishment of death must be carried out by the US, not by the enemy, in order for the life insurance to be void. Every other cause is covered, including death by terrorism and acts of war. WEBSITELINK

When  Will  Car  Insurance  Total  A  Car?
A general guide is when the estimated cost to repair is proportionally greater than the relative value of your car, it is likely that the insurance company will determine the car to be a total loss. Take a look at a valuation source like Kelly Blue Book or NADA for example and determine the value of your car. If the repair cost meets or exceeds 70% of that figure, as a practical guideline, the car would probably be totalled.

Does  Car  Insurance  Cover  Windshield  Replacement?
Car insurance covers windshield replacement if you have comprehensive coverage on your car. If you only have liability, it does not. Comprehensive coverage may have a zero deductible, $50 deductible, or full comprehensive deductible on glass coverage, you're advised to inquire about this before making a claim. Your agent or carrier would be able to advise on that.

How  Can  I  Lower  My  Home  Insurance  Premium?
The premium is driven primarily by the amount of coverage on the residence. Check with your agent to see if the amount is excessive. Occasionally, due to annual increases, coverage does exceed the actual cost of reconstruction. The second way to reduce the premium is to increase the deductible. There are small decreases available for the installation of central station alarms. Notice, I didnt suggest that you reduce the liability limits. In my opinion that is just not wise.

Do  I  Need  Title  Insurance  For  A  New  Home?
Great question. When you buy a new home part of the process of buying the house that you will need to get a title insurance policy issued on the new home. yes the house is new but the lender could have a loan on the property or a title policy will search for that and clear all issues or leans before you buy the house.

Does  FDIC  Regulate  Annuities?
The FDIC does not regulate annuities. The state department of insurance for each state oversees annuity filings and the general sales practices of its agents. Variable annuities are regulated, not only by the state department of insurance, but FINRA because it is a security. Agents must be licensed and registered to sell variable annuities.

Who  Is  Proposer  In  Life  Insurance?
The proposer in life insurance is the person who proposes entering into the life insurance contract with a life insurance company to insure themselves or someone else. E.g. If an adult child is seeking life insurance to pay for a parent's final expense needs, the adult child is the proposer of the policy.

Can  You  View  Medicare  Claims  Online?
Well, kind of. If you have established an account at mymedicare.gov you can review claims submitted and adjudicated by Medicare. If you have a Medigap plan, your mymedicare account will show if those claims have been submitted to your gap carrier or not. Medicare Advantage participants can review claims at their carrier site.

What  Is  A  Good  Rate  For  Whole  Life  Insurance?
What is a good rate for whole life insurance? What ever you can qualify for is the correct answer. You are the discount. Your good health and good health history reduces the rate for whole life (actually all types of life insurance basically) and provides you the discounted cost you seek. So if you have taken good care of yourself, the best rates will be available to you.

How  Do  I  Know  If  I  Need  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
You may not know if you need long-term care insurance since there is no fail-safe way to predict the future. But since your lifespan is longer than your parent's lifespan, and since there is a risk of paying a substantial amount of money n potential healthcare expenses in your later years, a long-term policy should always be considered. But in order to properly protect your assets that you have worked so hard for, purchasing coverage at the right time at the most affordable cost is critical. A full-time broker or financial planner (not a marketer, advertiser or media consultant) is without question your best resource to determine how to proceed. By being the most familiar with plans, you can reduce costs and get the best advice.

Can  Non  Citizens  Buy  Health  Insurance?
You do not have to be a US citizen to purchase health insurance. Most carriers do require a Social Security number as part of the application process, but you can also use a federal ID number that is part of your visa. To purchase health insurance you must me a legal resident of the US.

Is  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Really  Necessary?
Is Long Term Care Insurance a viable value proposition? The average senior couple will spend $250,000 over their retirement in medical and extended care. And speaking of extended, your life expectancy may be five to ten years longer than your predecessors. The odds are high that you will need some assistance in your later years. You need to price out long term care to see if the value proposition works in your circumstance.

What  Auto  Insurance  Companies  Offer  Gap  Insurance?
It is a great idea to check with your Insurance Professional to see if the policy you have offers "Gap" coverage as an option. Many companies offer this and the coverage is very inexpensive. You may find that your company may also offer "New Replacement" for newer cars (usually within 3 model years) and something commonly refered to as "Vehicle Value" coverage for slightly older models. New Replacement ois pretty self explanatory, but Vehicle value means that if your car was "totalled" your insurance company would pay for a similar year, make and model with similar options at today's market value.

Is  Universal  Health  Insurance  A  Good  Idea?
Medical care has a price. In the open market it is fixed by consumers who want a service and medical personnel who can deliver the service. The problem occurs when someone needs the treatment but cannot or will not pay the price for the service. I say, Will not because every decision about spending is discretionary. Should society as a whole bear the responsibility for the medical care for every resident? Should the nature of that care be regulated? Should the source of funding be general? Those are the most pressing questions when considering a universal health care system. Ultimately in a universal health care system there is a specified list of services and a funding mechanism that is not based upon need for medical services. You may need a procedure that isnt covered in the program. At the same time you might consider another procedure immoral or frivolous. Who is going to decide? The idea of universal health care sounds very good until you understand that some medical services will probably not be covered. In the USSR dental hygiene consisted of inserting a fluorescent tube into the patients mouth and surgery was routinely conducted in a super-cold environment because anesthesia was not readily available. In that case, most Americans would consider the health care to be inadequate. However, it was available to all and at little or no direct cost to the consumer. Under most regimes universal health care becomes rationed health care. The best example is the army under war time conditions. It is called triage but it means that you treat those with the greatest likelihood of recovery before treating soldiers with graver injuries. While it might be the best utilization of manpower, the soldier with his leg blown off, might not like the wait and a narcotic shot is not going to make his family happy. The issue of who is going to pay for the universal health care system is the most sensitive. No one wants to see others in need. By the same token no one wants to pay the high bill for medical treatment. If the universal care is funded by general funds from taxes it will always be a political football. If it is paid by premiums paid by individuals there will always be a need to assist those unable to pay the premium. The problem really boils down to our expectations of treatment level, the availability and cost of that treatment and who is going to pay the price. Yes, it sounds like a great idea but it has many difficulties and when it is expected then the society will start to question the need for universal flat screen TVs, micro-wave ovens and wall-to-wall carpets. There really isnt an end unless you look at the Soviet Union and see how it ended.

Is  Life  Insurance  Exempt  From  Creditors  In  Mississippi?
Generally, the death benefit of life insurance in Mississippi is exempt from creditors as long as it it not left to the estate. If the beneficiary is the estate, or if there are no living beneficiaries on the policy (causing the death benefit to go to the estate), the life insurance proceeds will go through probate and creditors will not be exempt from going after th
ose funds. Contact a lawyer about possible exceptions.

What  Information  Do  I  Need  To  Get  Renters  Insurance?
You will need your personal information and information about the premise that you are renting. You will need to know when the premise was built, what if any type security system is in place, how many units are in the building, the distance to the nearest responding fire depart, the distance to the closest fire hydrant as a start. Contact a local agent and they will help you get a quote for coverage.

Can  An  Ex-Spouse  Stay  On  Health  Insurance?
Yes as long as the insured who is still working and getting coverage from his/her job does not put in a request to make any changes. The insurance company would not know about the spouse becoming an ex unless someone files paperwork to say that. Sometimes the working spouse will allow the other spouse to stay on the policy because (1) the court requires it or (2) that spouse still has the children living with them and it makes more sense for the family to keep their insurance intact.

How  To  Select  A  Home  Insurance?
Start by talking to local agents in your area, when you find one that you feel is knowledgable and that will look out for your best interest. Your local agent is your first point of communication if you should have any concerns about your coverage, claims, rates, or about other insurance coverages that are available or recommended for your cituation.

Will  My  Health  Insurance  Cover  A  Motorcycle  Accident?
Your health insurance policy will cover a motorcycle accident, if it is a qualified Marketplace plan in your state. Typically, ER and other major medical expenses are part of the benefit package. A deductible and/or coinsurance may apply, depending on which tier of plans you chose. Physical damage to the motorcycle (collision and comprehensive) would only be provided on a separate policy. A federal subsidy may have been available to help you pay for coverage. Open Enrollment allows you to change plans and compare all available options. Answer provided by: Ed Harris - Premier Health Insurance Broker since 1980 and owner of several top-rated consumer websites that offer the lowest available rates.

What  To  Look  For  When  Buying  Term  Life  Insurance?
Term insurance comes with many option. First, consider the reason for buying the insurance and find a product that meets that need. If you are covering a mortgage for example you might want to consider a 20 or 30 year term policy. There are two options here. Decreasing or Mortgage term or level term. I prefer level term due to the fact that many people do not remain in the same home for the life of the mortgage any more. There are policies that will add mortgage disability and Return of Premium. Next, how long will I need this coverage, 1 year, 5 years, ten years? Also, what is my budget? With term insurance the shorter the term the less the initial premium, so a on year term will be less than a 20 year term, at least initially. Every time the policy renews, the premium will increase. Is the policy renewable and convertible. Renewable means that you can renew the policy at the end of the term even if your health gets bad. Convertible means that you can convert the policy, or part of the policy to a whole life plan, regardless of health. If you need to keep the insurance for a lengthy period of time I highly recommend a policy that is renewable and convertible. A good agent can help you determine your best choice for your individual situation.

Does  Car  Insurance  Cover  The  Car  Or  The  Person?
Actually auto insurance can cover both. The physicaldamageportion of the policy will cover damages to the auto. This would be your collision and comprehensivecoverage's You may carry medical coverage which could cover your own injury. Your policy will also have liability protection which would cover you (protect you) for injuries you cause to others and/or law suits. And you may have uninsured/under-insuredmotoristcoveragewhich would cover injuries to yourself and others in yourvehicleshould you be injured by an uninsured orunder-insuredmotorist. Talk to your local agent about thecoverage'sand options of your auto policy.

Can  A  Business  Own  A  Fixed  Annuity?
That is a great question! There are a great number of companies that hold fixed annuities as part of their retirement benefit plans. In some cases they are offered as an investment option for the employees, in other cases the company holds them to be able to fund the employee benefits to be paid at some later date. The annuities ensure the availability of income at that later date. Thank you for asking!

How  Much  Is  Insurance  On  A  Leased  Car?
The cost of insurance on a leased car will typically be the same as an owned car. Basic insurance rates are not affected by whether a vehicle is leased or owned. There may be endorsements that are available for a leased vehicle as opposed to an owned vehicle. Contact a local agent to discuss your insurance wants and needs.

Can  You  Pay  Car  Insurance  Late?
Great question! In most cases, insurance companies will give you what is called a "grace period". That is a period of time, normally between 15-30 days ( but call your agent to be certain about yours) that allows for late payments to be received or processed. Your coverage will end along with the grace period. In the event that you can't get a payment in to them before then, it may be possible to get your policy back, (reinstated) but you will have to pay for however much time has passed.Call your agent, explain your situation, and see if they can help you out. Good luck! If you need help, please feel free to contact me. Thanks for asking!

Does  Home  Owners  Insurance  Cover  Air  Conditioner?
Well it depends on the cause of damage. If let say it was a fire and the AC was damage then yes it covered. If lets say the AC motor blows out and the blower is not working then that is a maintanice issue and home insurance does not cover taht. Good Luck

Where  Do  Life  Insurance  Companies  Make  Money?
Life insurance companies have several sources of revenue to potentially generate money. The big one is the cost of insurance or mortality charges. Then the money generated by return on their investment portfolio. Lastly, money is made from front end premium loads, administration charges and individual policy fees.

Is  Social  Security  A  Retirement  Plan?
Social Security is a supplemental retirement plan. It is generally not advised that one plan to use social security as his or her sole retirement plan. Originally Social Security was designed to be an income plan for people who had lived extraordinarily long and were at a stage in life where working became extremely difficult if not physically impossible.

What's  The  Best  Retirement  Plan?
The best retirement plan is the one that is suitable for you. To determine suitability, youll need to perform a personal financial profile that includes a risk assessment, your tax bracket and annual contribution amount. Your first step in to determine if your employer offers a retirement plan and if it offers a matching contribution. If that option doesnt exist, then the next step is considering a qualified or non-qualified plan. Your last step is to fund the plan with saving or investment option suitable to your financial profile.

What  Equipment  Will  Medicare  Pay  For?
Medicare will cover the rental, and sometimes purchase, of DME (durable medical equipment) deemed to be medically necessary. Your doctor must have evaluated your condition and completed a CMN (certificate of medical necessity). You should only obtain equipment from a Medicare approved provider that accepts assignment. This will minimize your out of pocket.

How  Much  Is  Health  Insurance  For  A  Single  Person?
The cost of health insurance for a single person can actually be zero, if you qualify for full federal subsidies that are now available with ACA (Affordable Care Act) legislation. The tax credit is based on your household income and the Federal Poverty Level Guidelines. As an experienced health insurance broker (33 years as one of the nation's top-rated brokers), our expertise, unbiased recommendations and reputable websites, help consumers find the most affordable healthcare options. Although many individuals and families qualify for subsidies, certainly not everyone is going to get "free" health insurance. Where you live, your age, your smoking status and the type of coverage you select, will impact the price you pay. State Exchanges (Marketplaces) offer different "Metal" plans that can greatly vary in cost, coverage, and out-of-pocket expenses. It's important to have an experienced broker review the best available plans and how they best treat any pre-existing conditions you may have.

When  To  Buy  Permanent  Life  Insurance?
When to buy permanent life insurance? That is a good question. Some agents recommend buying permanent life insurance for every policy. Some financial consultants recommend never buying permanent life insurance. Both have some valid justifications, but both are rather extreme positions. In real life, with budget limitations, health risks, bear markets, and other considerations, it is hard for me to recommend only one option. Not everyone can afford all the life insurance they need in permanent coverage. Yet buying only term presents the risk of being unable to qualify for a new policy when the current one expires. Putting money in the stock market and savings plans should cover final expense needs, eliminating the need for permanent life insurance. But will those investments and savings be there when you die? My recommendations are to buy Term insurance for temporary needs, and Permanent insurance for lifelong needs. Specifically, permanent insurance is best for final expense needs such as funeral, burial, paying off credit cards, and other costs associated with putting the deceased to rest. Permanent insurance is recommended if you want to use the policy proceeds to pay estate taxes, pass money to heirs, or bequeath money to a charity. If you use term insurance for any purpose that may find you "outliving the term", you may find that you no longer qualify for a new policy, and that all your plans for your life insurance are moot.

How  Will  The  Government  Know  If  I  Have  Health  Insurance?
You must have health insurance starting 1/1/2014. When you buyit, the carrier will reportyour purchaseto the federal government. If you don't buy, then nothing will be reported which means you don't have it. If you're eligible for a subsidy, your application goes from the carrier to the IRS, HHS (Health & Human Services) and the Department of Homeland Security. The IRS is hiring16,500 new agents as a result of the Affordable Care Act. Bottom line - they'll know.

Is  Health  Insurance  Worth  The  Money?
Yes! I can't stress that enough. The purpose of health insurance originates in the same concept as for any type of insurance - to protect yourself financially in the event of a catastrophic event by pooling the risk and shifting it to a third party (the insurance company). In return for a monthly premium, the insurance company will absorb the risk of incurring a massive expense should something happen to the insured individual - if something does happen, they would the financial hit instead of you. In the case of health insurance, a catastrophic event can be many things - a good example is having a surgery performed. A given surgery could cost $100,000 or more. Could you afford to write a check that big? Your average person would say NO. Please feel free to contact me for further assistance. Thanks very much.

How  Can  I  Find  Out  What  Insurance  Group  My  Car  Is?
Insurance "groups" are typically used by insurers in the UK. You can contact your agent or the insurance company directly and find out the group of your vehicle. Her in the US, often cars are given symbols for rating purposes. You can also contact your broker or carrier to determine the symbol, which determines the risk of the car/truck.

Should  Homeowners  Insurance  Go  Up  Every  Year?
Homeowner insurance premiums do not necessarily increase every year but they often do, for some of the following reasons. Check to see if your homeowner insurance carrier was granted a rate increase in your State. That would certainly be a reason. Absent a rate increase or increased hazards with regard to your property (new swimming pool, dangerous pets, etc.), it is possible that your homeowner insurance carrier utilizes an automatic inflation guard feature, to account for increased construction costs in your area, including labor, materials, adherence to local building regulations, etc. Check with your agent to review your policy. You may want to increase your deductible. You may also want to have the agent obtain rates for you from other carriers in your area. Try to get the strongest rated carriers, if pricing is competitive and coverages are what you want.

Can  I  Cancel  My  Car  Insurance  At  Anytime?
Auto insurance is typically an at will product. That means that you can cancel with one carrier to sign up with another carrier at any time that you wish or you could just cancel your coverage without switching carriers. Canceling your coverage without signing with another carrier will leave you and your family exposed to financial hardships caused by accidents that you are deemed responsible for, not mention other requirements from loan providers or others with a contractual interest in your vehicle. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Will  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Broken  Window?
Depends on the reason for the broken window.Typical renters policies will cover vandalism or a rock thrown from your lawnmower. If the broken window is on someone else"s property then there maybe an issue with coverage. The situation becomes, how expensive is the window compared to your deductible? The lowest deductibles are usually $250 - $500 and unless you broke a good size window, it will be cheaper to pay out of pocket.

How  Can  I  Cancel  My  Health  Insurance  In  Tennessee?
Individual and group health insurance policies can be terminated essentially at any time by the policyholder. The correct manner is to send in a written notice of termination to your health insurance carrier that states the date of termination. Generally the date of termination should be for a date after you are sending in the termination notice. For example, you send in a letter on June 5th notifying the insurance carrier of your intent to terminate coverage effective July 1st. Attempting to terminate your coverage in a retroactive manner is more problematic and should be avoided if at all possible. First of all, if premiums have already been paid for the period you are wanting to backdate your coverage to the insurance carrier will be within their rights to hold on to your premium and to check if any claims activity has occurred during that period. Even in this electronic age a claim may not be filed immediately after services are rendered and the insurance carrier has to be mindful of this lag time. For this reason a request for a retroactive termination will certainly be delayed and if any claims activity came in during that period the request for a retroactive termination would most likely be denied and granted for the fist of the next month. Then there is the less graceful way of cancelling your coverage and that is simply not to make your premium payment. Failure to pay is a violation of your individual or group contract terms and will lead to contract cancellation by the insurance carrier. I do not recommend this approach as it is bad personal and/or business practice. Also, most individual health insurance contracts and an increasing number of group health plans are set up on an automatic bank draft basis. Failure to provide a notice of termination will not stop this automatic draft from being drawn from your account. Sometimes people put a "stop pay" order for the draft on their bank account, for which you have to pay the bank a fee, and then from the insurance carrier's perspective when they attempt to make the monthly payment draft this is no different than getting a bounced check so they will still attempt to collect payment while adding a late payment charge onto the premium. This situation can get quite messy and end up taking more of your time to resolve than simply sending in a termination notice.

When  Is  Medicare  Primary?
There are many factors to look at in determining whether Medicare is the primary or secondary payer, for persons who have both Medicare and other health insurance. This interaction chart from Medicare makes it easy to find who is primary for you: WEBSITELINK . You could also call 1-800-MEDICARE to ask about specific situations.

Is  Mortgage  Insurance  And  Home  Insurance  The  Same?
There are two types of insurance that are known as mortgage insurance. When mortgage companies offer something other than a conventional loan they will often require the borrower to buy mortgage insurance which protects the mortgage company from default. There is also a form of life insurance which is designed to provide a death benefit that equals the balance due on a mortgage. Neither of these are the same as a homeowners policy. The homeowners policy protects the residence and contents against named perils. The homeowners policy also provides protection from personal injury and property damage lawsuits.

Is  Life  Insurance  On  A  Mortgage  PPI?
It can be, but often times is not. It depends on the source insuring or offering the coverage. Some plans are a payment protection only, and will pay the payments due until the entire loan schedule has been repaid. Other plans simply pay the balance of the mortgage off when death occurs.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Window  Replacement  For  Weather  Damage  And  Mold?
A homeowners policy covers damage caused by specified perils. These perils are basically sudden events that destroy property such as fire. Water damage caused by seepage over an extended period of time doesnt fit with the definition of a specified peril. Mold is the same sort of situation. The damage isnt sudden. Mold damage might be covered if a pipe ruptures in a wall and the damage isnt detected quickly.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Animal  Damage?
It depends upon what you mean by Animal Damage. Your insurance policy will not cover damage to your own property caused by your animal. That is not technically accidental. Your insurance might cover damage caused to your home/personal property caused by another animal. It will depend upon the type of homeowners policy you have and whether that damage is excluded by endorsement or not covered at all. If you are talking about animal damage to another person because of a bite, then that will be something covered by your homeowners liability UNLESS the dog has a known history of biting others. I hope this helps.

What  Information  Is  Needed  For  Auto  Insurance?
The minimum information needed for a quote is the year make and model of the car, the names and birthdates of the drivers in the household, the address of the household and an indication of incidents. I also need the limits of coverage desired. In order to actually convert that quote to an application, I also need the occupations of the drivers, the VIN of the vehicles, the drivers license numbers. It may sound like a great deal of information but most drivers have that information handy.

How  Much  Is  A  20  Year  Term  Life  Insurance?
The cost of a 20 year Term life insurance policy will depend on the age, sex, tobacco status, build, and health history of the applicant, along with a other factors such as dangerous hobbies and excessive traffic tickets. It can cost from $10/mo to thousands of dollars per month. To find what a 20 year Term life insurance policy will cost for you, you can run some quotes on the many websites offering them, or call an agency that sells 20 year Term from at least 5 different companies. Without being able to compare quotes for people of the same age and health, it is impossible to know what a good price is.

Will  Medicare  Pay  For  A  Tetanus  Shot?
Medicare will pay for a tetanus shot only if the tetanus shot is needed as the result of stepping on a rusty nail or something of the sort. That is because this type of immunization is only covered by Medicare if you have been exposed to a dangerous disease.

Where  To  Get  A  Physical  Without  Health  Insurance?
You don't need health insurance in order to get a physical or any other wellness exam. Just pay the provider out of pocket for the expenses. You may have to negotiate the rates up front as you may lose cost containment associated with having health insurance. The primary purpose of health insurance is to provide financial protection in case you are seriously sick or hurt. Most people are unable to afford extensive medical treatments for severe health conditions. A physical for an otherwise healthy individual does not meet this description.

Does  Life  Insurance  Gain  Interest?
Term life insurance does not have any cash value. The only way term insurance pays out is if the insured person dies. Then it will pay the face amount of the policy to the beneficiary. Therefore, it does not gain interest. Permanent insurance comes in variations of whole and universal life. Those policies do gain interest within the policy. However, some of this is offset by the cost of insurance, which is the cost of insuring your life. That is what separates life insurance from a savings account, and why tax benefits are given to life insurance.

How  Much  To  Save  Per  Month  For  Retirement?
The question is complex. So few Americans are really prepared for retirement. A retirement counsellor would probably be a big help for you but the main point is to start now. Regardless of how much you set aside, it is more than you would have had otherwise. And then the other point is to review your progress every year or even more frequently. So, start early and review, review, review. Retirement is about planning even more than money.

When  Should  I  Drop  Collision  From  My  Auto  Insurance?
This is a tough one since everyone's personal situation is involved in a different fashion. For some folks a 10 year old vehicle might still need collision coverage while for other folks, they expect that a loss could eliminate the vehicle. I suggest you start by doing an online appraisal of your car, either through Edmund or Kelly Blue book. Answer the data questions and then you will know the value of your car. I also recommend you continue to carry Uninsured Motorist Property Damage Coverage. This coverage is very inexpensive, uses a deductible and should remain on your vehicle.

Why  Can't  I  Buy  Health  Insurance  Out  Of  State?
Outside of the state by state variance in regulations, health insurance is driven by doctors that sign up to contract with the insurance company to receive payment for services given to their patients. Most insurance companies don't have the resources to manage networks hundreds of thousands of doctors across the country. All this means that if you live in Texas and buy insurance from a company in Ohio, you won't be able to see a doctor that is contracted with the carrier so you won't be covered for your doctor visit.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  If  I  Am  Pregnant?
My experience has been that it is possible to get life insurance during the first trimester, but that insurance agencies are reluctant to take an application for a woman in her second and third trimesters of pregnancy, in case of complications. But I am sure there are some companies that will cover women who are up to 6 months pregnant with a medically underwritten policy, especially if they have had previous event free pregnancies and have no pre-existing conditions. For those who are in the third trimester of pregnancy, there are No Exam policies you can get.

My  16  Year  Old  Son  Wants  To  Start  A  Pet  Care  Business  In  Our  Neighborhood.  Should  He  (or  I)  Get  Liability  Insurance?
Go check out the business insurance offered by PSI-Pet Sitters Int'l. They offer policies specifically for pet sitters. If their policy allows a minor to purchase it, I would go that route. You may have to purchase it for yourself & list your son as an employee. You may have to be the business owner and 'delegate' all the pet sittings to him.

Who  Writes  Progressive  Homeowners  Insurance?
Depends on the third party contract Progressive has procured in the state. In Louisiana they may represent ASI and Homesite but it can vary from state to state. I believe Geico does the same and does not actually write their own homeowners insurance but just contracts the policy out to another insurance company.

Does  AARP  Cover  Cialis  For  An  Enlarged  Prostate?
Please note, AARP is not an insurance company - they are a marketing organization that attaches their name to insurance products that are offered by carriers. If your AARP prescription coverage is under a Medicare type plan (Part D prescription drug plan or Medicare Advantage prescription drug plan), then your insurance coverage would be through United Healthcare. If your AARP prescription coverage is under a individual health plan for persons under 65, then your insurance coverage would be through Aetna. It's fairly simple to find out if your specific health plan will cover Cialis - you can do so by either 1) contacting your insurance provider and asking them if it should be covered under your plan (the contact number is generally on the back of your insurance plan ID card), 2) reviewing the list of drugs covered by a plan (its formulary) by checking on your online profile through the carrier's website (if you have one) or in your policy, or by contacting your insurance agent who sold you the policy. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help with any other insurance questions. Thanks very much.

What  Are  The  Penalties  For  Not  Having  Health  Insurance?
The penalties are as follows according to the Colorado Exchange... in 2014 greater of $95 per adult, $47.50 per child with a maximum of $285 for the family or 1% of taxable household income. In 2015, the greater of $325 per adult, $162.50 per child with a family max of $975 or 2% of taxable income. In 2016, the greater of $695 per adult, $347.50 per child with a family maximum of $2,085 or 2.5% of taxable household income.

How  Can  I  Avoid  Medicare  Levy?
I believe the Medicare levy is a tax for citizens and legal residents of Australia, used to help provide access to healthcare. I don't believe it can be avoided. In the United States, people pay Medicare taxes (also known as FICA taxes) during their working lives and get access to Medicare benefits when they turn 65 (or earlier for people on disability). FICA taxes are typically deducted from a person's paycheck and everyone is required to pay them.

Is  Income  Replacement  Insurance  Worth  It?
Yes if a family was to lose their primary income it would be a tragedy or a business owner lost a worker that is a key person or a co owner passed away and takes 50% of the knowledge you would most likely need to be insured and the spouse which most of the time might not be involved would want to be bought out where would the funds come from? If the answer is borrow it from the bank you would not qualify for the loan and it is not smart business anyway. always be properly insured the rich do so should you. See my profile and contact me for assistants.

When  Do  Car  Insurance  Rates  Go  Down  For  Males?
Depending on what state you live in Montana there is no rate difference for males or females. Also your driving history and prior insurance plays a role in rates, many cases the average here in Montana drops after the age of 25 no matter what sex you are. If you have had no tickets in 3 years or accidents in 5 years the rate should lower. a Reputable agent will requite your renewal to see if there is another carrier with a better rate available.

Does  Canada  Have  Free  Health  Insurance?
Canada does not have "free" healthcare. No place has "free" healthcare. There are just different ways to pay for the cost. Some nations use a higher individual tax rate and value added taxes to pay for programs for their citizens. Free isn't really free, people pay for what they have in one way or another.

What  Happens  When  Your  Term  Life  Insurance  Runs  Out?
What happens when your Term life Insurance policy "runs out" or expires or lapses is all the same: Nothing. You no longer have any insurance coverage. And since Term insurance has no cash value you don't get any kind of refund or surrender value. The only exception is if you had purchased a "Return of Premium" rider with your policy. I that case you most likely will receive a portion of the premiums paid in returned to you.

Is  Zoloft  Covered  By  Medicare  Part  D?
Yes, Zoloft is covered by Medicare Part D. Some antidepressant medications are not covered by Medicare Part D. Consult your plan's formulary to see which are covered and which are not, and at what price. The VA also covers Zoloft and the generic substitute for Zoloft, at what they claim is a lower price than Medicare Part D.

Can  You  Deduct  Mutual  Fund  Expenses?
In Canada, mutual fund fees on non-registered accounts are not tax deductible . Fees paid to an advisor to manage an non-registered investment account are tax deductible, however. The advisor fees in a mutual fund are imbedded in the fund. Ask whether you advisor can arrange to change to a class of funds that charges you the advisor trailer fee directly. This way you can deduct it. If you have further questions, or if you feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me. Mutual funds are often used as part of a retirement plan. If you would like to work with a local Retirement Planner, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: retirement planner Halifax or retirement planning Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find Retirement Planners in your community.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  With  Skin  Cancer?
It depends on the type of skin cancer. Basal cell is the least evasive. Underwriters want to see the severity, location and number of occurrences within a certain time period. The more serious types of skin cancers such as melanoma or a sarcoma can be so serious the risk could deem you uninsurable. Because there are so many factors and degrees of skin cancer I would use a trusted independent life insurance broker who can deal with multiple companies' underwriters to find the best offer on life insurance before you apply. Making a mistake can cause a mark on your Medical Information Bureau or MIB report which can follow you for many years to come when applying for personal insurance like life, disability, long term care, etc.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Tree  Removal  After  Storm?
It may, at least in part, cover this. Talk to your Insurance Professional about the terms and conditions of your policy. Policies can provide for coverage so long as the tree has fallen and caused damage to real property, for example, your house or storage shed. In cases such as this, the policy would pay to remove the tree andrepair the damage to the affected property and for the cutting up and removal of the debris. This would however all be subject to your Homeowners' deductible and the coverage provided may be limited to a specific dollar amount.

Does  A  Stay  At  Home  Mom  Need  Disability  Insurance?
No, a homemaker would not be eligible for disability insurance, however, a stay at home mom is a perfect candidate for a critical illness insurance policy. You do not need to prove income for that type of policy. The policy would pay out a lump sum benefit to help with hospital fees, co-pays, childcare, etc.

Who  Has  The  Most  Affordable  Renters  Insurance?
Renters Insurance is like most Insurance base on a lot of different factors for which then a price is base off. Remember the amount of coverage you need for your personal items, location of your residence and if you have any schedule belongings will affect the rate. One of the biggest factor used is credit. Try combining your Auto with your renters to see which give you the best rate plus coverage. So like I always tell my clients or prospect there ins't one specific company that is the cheapest in one single area. If there was then there would one company in the world insuring that specific policy. Also don't forget to check the companies Am Best rating to see their financial strength. Thank you and goo luck.

Can  The  Beneficiary  Of  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  Be  Contested?
This is an legal question and not something upon which a life insurance professional can provide a reliable opinion. That said, as the life insurance policy is a legal contract, the insurance company will be obligated to pay the named primary beneficiary. Assuming the proceeds go to a named beneficiary rather than the estate, the proceeds are not normally subject to probate so it would be unlike challenging a will in probate. Ultimately, a challenge would likely be a matter for the courts so finding experience legal help is critical. I am aware of a few examples where beneficiary designations have been challenged. The beneficiary designation might be demonstrated to be inconsistent with state law, especially elective or spousal share rules. Or, it might be demonstrated to not conform to other agreements such as split dollar agreements, divorce decrees, etc.

I  take  a  prescription  drug  which  the  manufacturer  will  reimburse  all  but  $5  a  month  of  my  co-pay.  My  employer  set  up  an  HRA  and  won't  allow  me  to  use  the  drug  manu.plan.  I  must  use  HRA?
The Affordable Care Act does not determine the exact policies an employer can apply in their use of an HRA (it impacts HRA usage in some other ways but not in the context you are concerned with). You didn't provide any details as to how your employer has structured their HRA and whether your employer's health plan is fully-insured or self-funded. It may be that your employer has structured their plan design so that HRA dollars are used first, this is an allowed arrangement. It may even be that the HRA is limited to particular services. If, as you seem to describe, you have a separate card from the drug manufacturer that covers a substantial portion of the prescription's cost you may want to discuss with your pharmacist what your out-of-pocket cost for the prescription would be using the discount card and not filing it as a claim against your employer's health insurance plan. You might even want to shop around as prescription costs can vary significantly from one pharmacy provider to the next. If the discount card is covering most of the cost of your prescription and you are wanting to conserve your HRA dollars then paying out of pocket may be the best way to accomplish that. Also, I would recommend that you have your employer or your employer's human resources person explain to you in more detail how they have their HRA arrangement set up so that you can most effectively use it going forward.

Do  Alabama  Employers  Have  To  Offer  Health  Insurance?
Unlike omst parts of the Affordable Care Act, if you are employed by a business with less than 50 full time employees, your employer has the option of offering coverage, but not is not mandated to do so. The health law does not require businesses with fewer than 50 employees to offer health insurance to their workers. Small Employers wanting to offer coverage to employees may do so using the SHOP exchange, which is meant to help small business owners find affordable coverage. The government offers certainincentives in the form oftax credits and deductions to encourage employers with fewer than 25 employees who set up coverage through SHOP and help pay for it. Currently in Alabama, the only way to sign up for a SHOP plan is to go see an agent, broker or insurance company and fill out the paperwork. Online enrollment is scheduled to be available during next fall's open enrollment period, starting November 15, 2014.

What  Is  An  Elimination  Period  In  Short  Term  Disability  Insurance?
In order to start receiving short term disability payments from an insurance company, you must have qualifying conditions for a specific period of time as set forth in your short term disability agreement or company handbook. This "elimination period" is a specific number of days, generally continuous, which you must be out of work due to a non-occupational illness or injury. Most companies will require you to first use a portion of your PTO time. Elimination periods can vary, but most are from zero to 30 days. Consult with your human relations handbook to see the specific details of your plan.

Does  Medicare  Pay  For  Sleep  Studies?
As long it is ordered by a doctor in order to diagnose a possible health issue a sleep study should be paid for under part B of Medicare. Sleep studies are used to diagnose several health related issues, the most prevalent being Sleep Apnea. Your doctor will know if the procedure he is recommending is covered.

Can  My  Car  Insurance  Drop  Me?
Yes, is the short saner. Insurance Carriers carriers can some times no withstand thee claim loss experience you generate. The pricing of the product is not universal. Most major preferred and standard market insurers can handle 80% or more of the buying public. But there are folks out here who you can not sustain at any price. There are some carriers whoever do take on a lifetime guarantee> The Hartford will offer you this guarantee if you do not have a driving while intoxicated conviction. For a quote from the Hartford or other fine insurers contact us at -866-933-4372 or go to www.insurancebrowser.com

Is  An  Annuity  Guaranteed  Withdrawal  Benefit  Rider  A  Good  Idea?
Video Transcript: Hello everyone, I'm Steve Savant, syndicated financial columnist and host of the weekly online talk show Steve Savant's Money The Name of The Game. I'm answering questions from insurancelibrary.com, and today's question is: is an annuity guaranteed withdrawal benefit a good idea. Well remember, I always say, "What's the price tag?" Do you have to pay for that G.L.W.B. rider? If you do, then I have to look at it and say, "Is it paying for the cash account, or is it paying for the phantom account that they're basing their income on?" I need to look and price that because that could be anywhere between 100 to 125 bases points, so it could be expensive but you have to say, " Yes, but what am I getting in return?". Remember, the older you are when you take constructive receipt the higher the interest, but your timeline if it's shorter, you may just be getting you principle back. You need to look at this really hard. It could be a great play if it's very inexpensive and if it's priced at the cash account and not at the phantom account. Well, that's our consumer question for today. If you have any questions submit them to www.insurancelibrary.com.

Does  Whole  Life  Insurance  Pay  Interest?
Kinda, sort of, yeah. The dividends count as interest growth in layman's terms. It's usually about 5% on average for the life of the policy with an A rated company. In the industry there is a guaranteed rate of 4% that agents flip out during meetings and webinars. Ask the agent to show you the IRR report.

Do  benefits  pay  triple  on  murder?
I have had two clients murdered. Neither received more than the standard death benefit. There is often a more thorough investigation before the death claim is paid when there is a homicide. It is illegal in most states to profit from murder in particular. According to the TV shows the beneficiary of the life insurance is always a prime suspect.

What  Does  The  D  Stand  For  In  Medicare  Number?
The letter D after a Medicare number stands for Aged Widow, age 60 or over . (Their idea of "aged" does not agree with mine!) If there is a 1 after the D, it stands for Aged WidowER, age 60 or over . A 2 or 3 after the D stands for Second Claimant for the Aged Widow or Widower, respectively. And a 6 after the D stands for Surviving Divorced Wife, age 60 or over.

Does  Mercury  Have  Renters  Insurance?
Mercury does offer renters insurance in NY state. Currently they are limiting the number of newly written renters policies. Mercury also writes auto insurance. You may want to consider a package with them as they give a hefty discount on auto insurance for a renters policy. It can upwards of 5%-potentially making your renters policy free.

Does  A  Renter  Have  To  Have  Renters  Insurance?
A renter should have renters insurance to protect your assets, personal property and loss of use. However unless required by a landlord to carry renters insurancethen renters insurance is an option. I recommend you check with your auto insurance provider about obtaining renters insurance policy since in many cases the multi policy discount will off-set the cost of renters insurance.

What  Is  The  Average  Car  Insurance  Rate  For  A  Teenager?
In California it isnt age but experience that determines the classification of a driver. Drivers with less than three years of experience as licensed drivers pay the most, with those with less than 8 years paying more than normal. Interestingly there is also a premium change that occurs as the drivers age. The exact amount of these premiums is best determined by consulting with a licensed trusted insurance agent.

Where  To  Buy  Short  Term  Health  Insurance?
There are online outlets for short term disability but before you start shopping for short term disability insurance, find out if your employer sponsored group plan offers it. Many of these types of plans offer short term disability insurance as part of the overall employee benefits.But if you have to shop, start online with brokerage outlets that specialize or have complete departments dedicated to disability insurance. Most of these firms have access to a wide range of carriers that can spread sheet the players in disability insurance.

What  Is  A  Lapse  In  Health  Insurance?
A lapse in health insurance (and any insurance) is a point when the policy stops providing coverage due to the policyholder not paying their premiums on time. Insurance policies generally feature a 30-day grace period where coverage continues even if the premium payment is a few days late - past this point, the policy would no longer be providing coverage as it would have lapsed and you would need to go through the reinstatement process (paying the due premiums and any other requirements the carrier may have). Please note, with health insurance, if your coverage lapses due to non-payment, this does NOT qualify you for a special enrollment period for another plan. Qualifying events are situations such as coming off of group health insurance through an employer, getting married, having a baby, etc. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your coverage and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

What  Is  The  Best  Retirement  Plan  For  A  Self  Employed  Person?
Self employed individuals have many options when it comes to retirement planning. You may consider a traditional IRA or a Roth IRA. HR 10 or Keogh plans are also an option for self employed individuals if your business structure allows it. There are also simplified plans, including simplified 401(k) plans for small business owners.

Is  Car  Insurance  Higher  For  Leased  Cars?
I just finished insuring a leased vehicle. I was startled to discover that the leasing company didnt care about their customer at all. They told the client to only take the legal minimums for liability insurance on a brand new Lincoln. Of course they insisted that the insured carry full comprehensive and collision coverage. They covered themselves but were willing to leave the client almost naked.

How  Much  Life  Insurance  Can  I  Have?
You can buy pretty much however much life insurance you are willing to pay the premium on in most cases. If you want more than 20-times your annual income you will need to make a case about your need for the coverage. Life insurance is not a lottery ticket. There has to be a need.

How  Long  Does  It  Take  To  Get  Insurance  Money  From  Car  Accident?
Most insurance carriers try to settle claims as quickly as possible. I have heard of claims being settled within hours on the short side, but I would say that the average is within a few days. If you feel that your claim is taking too long contact your local agent, so that they can try to help you get a resolution sooner.

Is  Herpes  Automatically  Checked  With  Blood  Work  Or  Is  Consent  Needed?
Life insurance blood tests do not test for herpes, so there is no need to give consent for that. They often will, however, ask about STD's on the life insurance application, and if you are taking herpes medication they will see that.

Can  I  Cash  In  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
If the policy is a Whole Life or Universal Life that has cash value in it then the answer is yes, you can cash the policy in for the accrued surrender value. You can also take a loan on the policy which is a better option in most cases. Remember it is not always to your advantage to surrender a life policy.

How  Long  Does  Tobacco  Stay  In  Your  Blood  For  Life  Insurance?
Tobacco in the blood is indicated by a metabolite of nicotine called cotinine. Cotinine can be detected in a life insurance blood test for several weeks after smoking a cigarette, chewing nicotine gum, using chewing tobacco, etc. The test for cotinine is also sensitive enough that it nearly always detects actual tobacco use, rather than second hand smoke.

When  Do  Term  Life  Insurance  Policies  Expire?
Term life policies expire at different points in time, depending on what the policy states in it's declaration pages. Older policies may expire at age 70,75 or 80. The older policies ending that early reflected the life expectancy of the time when they were issued. Newer policies expire around age 90 to 95 these days in most cases. Still a great question to ask if you are purchasing term insurance.

What  Is  Flexible  Adjustable  Life  Insurance?
Flexible Adjustable Life Insurance is another name for current assumption universal life (CAUL). The key adjective is flexible. At the advent of CAUL, its flexible premium and death benefit was an alternative to the rigidity of participating whole life insurance. Today that flexibility to change the dynamics of premium and death benefit is an attractive feature of CAUL.

What  Is  The  Difference  Between  Long  Term  Care  And  Disability  Insurance?
Long Term Disability and Long Term Care have similar names, so it is easy to see how they can be confused. Long Term Disability is for those who are employed, and the benefit they receive would replace part of the income lost by suffering a long term disability. Long Term Care is for those who are in need of skilled care, and the benefit received either goes straight to the institution providing the care, or to the person receiving the care, to use as they wish.

What  Are  Life  Insurance  Premiums  Determined  By?
The premium for a life policy are set by two people. The actuary compiles mortality data. From that he develops the premium necessary for the various plans based on a standard risk. The second person is the underwriter. The underwriter looks at the application, medical statements and any tests taken to determine if the applicant is standard. If the applicant isnt standard the underwriter assigns factors that result in an adjusted premium. The company makes an offer to the applicant after the underwriting stating the price necessary to put the insurance into force.

Who  Has  The  Cheapest  Critical  Illness  Insurance  In  Nevada?
Due to fact that critical illness is priced based on health and age of the proposed insured and because insurers all seek different degrees of risk, it is not possible to categorically declare on insurer or one plan as being the cheapest within a geographic area like a specific state. You should seek out the assistance of an agent who is licensed in the state of Nevada to compare the prices of numerous critical illness insurance policies.

Which  Retirement  Plan  Is  Best  For  Self  Employed?
Most self-employed business is cost conscience, so the plan with the least amount of expenses is a good starting point in the discovery process. Whatever investments you select, there will be an associated cost and the retirement plan will only add to it. So important to select the lowest cost plans with the highest contribution limits. If youre in a high tax bracket and/or your employer matches your contribution, youll want to consider an ERISA qualified plan. If ERISA qualified plans are too restrictive, you may want to consider non-qualified plan that uses life insurance and/or annuities.

How  Much  Does  Car  Insurance  Cost  For  A  Teenage  Girl?
It would be unfair to you and the insurance carriers out there to even try to suggest a rate for a teenage girl based on the information provided. Contact a local agent and inform them of your coverage concerns and they can provide you with a no cost quote for the coverage that you are seeking.

Do  covered  porches  figure  into  the  square  footage  of  a  dwelling  for  insurance  purposes?
Yes, they do. When calculating the reconstruction amount of a home, the agent must take into consideration all elements of the structure and that does include covered porches, decks, open porches and the like. The point is that in order to properly evaluate what it would cost to replace your home as is with building materials of like kind and quality, accuracy is critical.

Is  Ensure  Covered  By  Medicare?
Ensure is covered by Medicare if some conditions are met. Eligible persons for receiving Medicare reimbursed Ensure drinks will: 1) Have diabetes, 2) have kidney disease, 3) had a kidney transplant in the last 3 years, OR 4) been referred to receive nutritional therapy services and Ensure by a medical doctor as being medically necessary.

As  a  private  CNA,  not  working  for  an  agency  can  I  accept  long-term  care  insurance?
Yes, a private CNA is allowed to accept long term care insurance. I would recommend you contact the insurance companies whose coverage you would like to accept and inquire about becoming a participating provider. They may ask that you accept a discount on your regular fee and agree to accept that charge as payment in full.

Is  Life  Insurance  An  Estate  Asset?
Life insurance proceeds are considered part of the estate after death, and estate taxes generally must be paid if the policyowner's estate surpasses the exempt limit, and his/her spouse has predeceased him/her. While alive, only the cash value of life insurance is considered an asset for tax purposes.

Does  Car  Insurance  Cover  Self  Inflicted  Damage?
I am going to make the assumption that you are perhaps talking about you driving your car and unfortunately coming into contact with something that causes damage to your car. In that case, the damage would be covered under the Collision portion of your policy and subject to your deductible. I am hopeful that you are not talking about willfully damaging your car in some way because doing that and then attempting to file a claim with your insurance company might be considered insurance fraud which is a very serious crime. For that reason,. I am assuming you meant my first example.

Is  Disability  Insurance  Health  Insurance?
Is disability insurance health insurance? NO. Disability is income insurance. It coverage that kicks in when you cannot do the material work in your current job. Disability insurance treats your wallet, replacing lost income. Health insurance provides specific money for payment of health treatments. You don't have to be completely disabled to collect health insurance payouts.

How  Much  Is  Ocella  Without  Health  Insurance?
The best way to shop for the lowest cost of any medication, including Ocella, is to visit the web site goodrx.com, which allows you to enter the name of any medication, the zip code where you want to pick up the medication, and then shows you a list of local pharmacies, along with the estimated cash price, and a coupon you can use at the pharmacy of your choice to get the lowest price possible. In my zip code in Georgia, I see cash prices ranging from $63 to $87, and discounted prices from $33.57 (at CVS) to $57.15. Everyone, with or without insurance, should always shop for their medications on this site. It's THE place to find the best deal possible.

Does  Home  Owners  Insurance  Cover  Asbestos?
Homeowners insurance and as far as I know any property policy in the United States as a specific Asbestos exclusion in the policy. Thehomeownerspolicy will exclude any clean up, removal or illness related to Asbestos until the end of time. If you have asbestos in your home I highly recommend you call in a profession asbestos removal team. Health of your family is primary.

Can  You  Deduct  Retirement  Plan  Contributions?
In Canada, subject to limits, you can deduct contributions made to Registered Retirement Savings Plans (RRSP), Registered Pension Plans (RPP) and Individual Pension Plans (IPP). The plans grow in a tax shelter and attract taxation on withdrawal. If you would like to work with a local Retirement Planner, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: retirement planner Halifax or retirement planning Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find Retirement Planners in your community. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Which  Company  Is  Best  For  Renters  Insurance?
That is a great question! There are a whole bunch of companies out there that sell renters insurance, and it can be tough to pick one. Here are some things you want to look for. First that they are reputable, and fiscally sound. They will need to have a good rating with a company like Standard & Poors, and few if any complaints with the State Department of Insurance. Then you will want to compare what is covered for what price, and at what deductible level. The best policy offers highest coverage at lowest deductible, with the cheapest price. I hope that helps you, thanks for asking!

Can  I  Get  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  On  My  45  Year  Old  Brother?
Yes, you can get a life insurance policy on your brother even if he is unemployed. The question will be who is the owner going to be? You will have to explain if you are. If your just going to pay the premium, then there should be no real concerns. The amount of life insurance may come into question however. You should be able to get up to $250k with minimal issues. Over this you may have to provide an explanation since he is unemployed. Some companies will be more stricke than others so you may want to talk to your agent and see if they can look around for the best strategy moving forward.

Can  I  File  An  Auto  Insurance  Claim  Without  A  Police  Report?
Yes, of course. Not all auto claims involve the police or require an accident report. If the car is involved in an accident of some sort on a public road or highway, or if it is stolen or vandalized, then yes, a police report would be a potential requirement. If however, your car is hit while legally parked, or if a tree falls on it, or you hit a curb or pothole or your garage door while backing out, these are some examples of claims situations where the police would not be involved.

Which  Federal  Department  Manages  The  Medicare  Program?
CMS (Center for Medicare Services), a division of HHS (Health and Human Services) is responsible for overseeing the administration of Medicare plans. Claim services for original Medicare are handled by insurance carriers and third party administrators. If you have an Advantage plan, all your benefits are handled by a private insurance carrier that sub-contracts with Medicare (CMS).

How  Much  Does  A  Claim  Affect  Home  Insurance?
An insurance company has underwriters who evaluate a risk (home) to see if it conforms to a standard definition of what the company wants to insure. A claim is seen as a deviation from that standard definition and is therefore scrutinized. The claim may be disregarded, charged an increased premium or declined. The underwriter may modify the specification of the policy such as require an increased deductible. Some insurers reward a "claims free policyholder" and this reward is normally withdrawn when they have a claim.

Is  Eyelid  Surgery  Covered  By  Medicare?
In some cases yes, some no. Your eye care provider will measure the droop in your eyelid(s) and advise you if surgery is warranted or not. Insurance carriers (including Medicare) have guidelines that must be documented before the surgery is a covered expense. Your surgeon will be familiar with the requirements and can advise.

When  To  Cancel  Term  Life  Insurance?
Term insurance can be canceled at any time, usually without penalty, and with a refund of any unused premium. Insurance is no longer needed when no financial hardship would occur if the insured passes. If the insurance was used to cover a mortgage and the house was paid off, then it may not be needed any more. Another reason to cancel term insurance would be if a better policy (maybe a permanent policy) was purchased. It is a good idea to discuss your individual situation with a professional insurance advisor who can help you with your insurance planning and strategy.

Can  You  Borrow  From  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
That is an excellent question! One of the biggest perks of having a whole life policy is that it gives you the opportunity to borrow cash without having to jump through the hurdles that a bank or lender might make you do. The only requirements are: That it is a whole life policy (term policies do not have a cash feature) that has been active for awhile (it generally takes two to three years to start accumulating any measurable amount of cash) andthat you are the owner of the policy. Please contact your agent, and find out if there are any fees attached to your loan, and how the loan will affect your policy. In some cases, you may be able to repay it slowly, in others you may not need to repay it at all; in some cases not paying it back can cause your policy to end. Check first, okay? Thanks for asking!

Who  Is  Stonebridge  Life  Insurance?
Stonebridge Life Insurance Company is a sister company to Transamerica. Both are AEGON companies. Stonebridge life insurance is offered in several types of policies, including Term and Whole Life. To compare Stonebridge Life Insurance rates with the rates of life insurance with other companies, you can look for instant life insurance quotes on internet quote engines, or call a life insurance agency that carries policies from more than one company.

Why  To  Buy  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
The reason people buy Long Term Care Insurance is so that they have the resources to pay for home health care, assisted living care, nursing home care, or some other types of care that are needed if they are unable to take care of themselves independently. Some people with large estates get Long Term Care insurance because they do not want all their hard earned money or property go to paying a nursing home. Rates of $100,000 per year are not uncommon for skilled nursing care. In order to qualify for Medicaid to pay these expenses, resources must be spent down to almost nothing (if a spouse is at home, the spouse does get to keep half of the couple's resources). So having Long Term Care insurance to pay for these costs both helps preserve the estate and assists the spouse left at home, if applicable. One aspect of Long Term Care insurance that is not always considered is the freedom of choice that is offered to persons who carry insurance to cover chronic care expenses. If they have the right type of coverage, they can pay a relative to come live with them or choose home health care, if that works. If they must go to a nursing home, they have more choice in the facility they want to live in, versus having to go with the room arrangements or facilities that only Medicaid will cover. This is not to say that Long Term Care Insurance is for everyone. If you have very few resources and are already on Medicaid, or anticipate getting Medicaid benefits in the future, there is no need to purchase Long Term Care Insurance. And if you need to dip into grocery money, forego medical care, or lead a poor quality of life to pay for LTC insurance, that is not worth it. Consulting with agencies that can shop for these policies to get you the best rate, and also guide you through the decision whether and what to buy LTC insurance, is a great place to start.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Orthodontics?
Yes, I know, teeth are part of your body and so it is easy for some people to think that they are covered under health insurance. However, this is rarely the case, especially when it comes to orthodontics (which means braces for the teeth in most cases). There are some narrow circumstances when medical necessity criteria for some oral surgeries or treatments would be covered by your major medical coverage (the patient is a Hemophiliac for example) but braces are unlikely to ever fall into even this rare category. In practical terms, if you want insurance coverage for orthodontia you will need to purchase a dental insurance policy that covers orthodontia. You should be aware that even dental insurance policies generally have a lifetime maximum benefit for orthodontia that places a limit on the amount the policy will pay for braces. A lifetime maximum benefit of $1000 is very common though there are policies with higher limits (e.g. - $2000). So, even when you have orthodontia coverage you can anticipate some fairly meaningful out-of-pocket expenses.

Where  Can  I  Get  Renters  Insurance  Online?
You can just enter, "insurance" into a browser and you will be besieged by people wanting to sell their product on line. For the same price you can sit down with a qualified insurance agent. The agent will listen to you, provide solid financial advice and communicate clearly with you and the company. I think you will be much happier with the agent.

Who  Sells  Medigap?
There are many insurance companies that offer Medigap or Medicare Supplement policies (the two are the same). It will depend on the state in which you live as far as what companies are approved to sell the plans.AARP United Healthcare offer plans in nearly every State. Mutual of Omaha, Standard Life, Humana, Anthem Blue Cross, and many others. Talk with a local agent who specializes in Medigap insurance to select a plan competitive in your area.

Which  Life  Insurance  Is  Best  Whole  Or  Term?
That is a great question! Both types of insurance have their plusses, and minuses. The term policy might be best for you if you are looking to insure against some form of debt, like a mortgage, that you want to be sure is paid off. It might also be the right policy for you if you are short on cash, but want coverage. The whole life policy may be the right policy for you if you are looking for the security of knowing that you are protected for the duration of your life, or if you want the security of knowing that you have a source of quick cash if you need it. In some cases, a mix of both might be the right answer for you. If you'd like to discuss your specific need, contact me, and I'll clear some time on my schedule for you. Thanks for asking!

What  Is  Allowed  Amount  In  Health  Insurance?
The allowed amount is the predetermined price that the health insurance company will pay for specific procedures performed by in-network providers. Think of it as wholesale versus retail prices. In-network providers charge the insurance company the allowed (wholesale) amount. In exchange, the providers get a flow of business from plan participants. Out-of-network providers did not agree to the wholesale prices, and do not benefit from the flow of patients participating in a particular plan. They often charge a retail rate when treating out-of-network patients. The patient often owes the difference between the allowed amount, and what the provider charges.

Why  Is  Car  Insurance  More  Expensive  For  Boys?
The answer to this question will probably vary by state. In California sex is not a rating factor. Driving experience, annual miles driven, driving record, location and the automobile itself are the most important factors for California insurers. Any time there is a difference in rates it can be supported by statistical information. If in other states boys pay more than girls it is because they have losses which exceed that of girls.

Will  Medicare  Pay  For  Sleep  Apnea  Surgery?
Your sleep apnea must have been diagnosed by a physician and verified by a doctor prescribed sleep study in a Medicare approved facility. Some mild forms of apnea can be treated with devices, weight loss, cessation of tobacco use. But in some cases surgery may provide relief. If your condition warrants it, Medicare will pay for surgery. Your doctor can advise you about your options.

Can  I  Get  Renters  Insurance  Without  A  Lease?
Yes, you can purchase Renters Insurance without a lease. Renters insurance is for the tenant and has no bearing on the landlord; it provides Personal Property Coverage and Personal Liability Coverage. To obtain a quote and purchase renters insurance online in multiple States directly by Consumers. An exemplary online experience for all! WEBSITELINK

Who  Is  Eligible  For  Medicare  Part  A  And  B?
If you are a US citizen or legal resident, have lived in the US at least 5 years and you (or your spouse) have 40 quarters of Social Security wages, you are probably eligible for Medicare Part A and Part B. Most will get Part A at no charge but you will have to pay for Part B

How  Do  I  Know  If  I  Have  Disability  Insurance?
Finding your disability insurance coverage can be done with a few simple steps. First if you are employed, go to the person in charge of benefits at your comapny. In large companies it would be someone in human resources or smaller companies could be a manager or owner. Simply ask to see a certificate of coverage. There may be two, one short term and one long term disability policy. If you are self employed or unemployed check your check book to see if you have been making payments to an insurance company or if you are drafted by an insurance company. Then call and ask what policies are you paying for. They are always happy to send you a duplicate policy if you can't find yours. If you find that no coverage exists and you have been paying into social security by working, you may be eligible for disability through your Social Security. Just Google Social Security Disability for the website. There will be a list of criteria to meet in order to apply. The normal process takes about 9 months to start receiving your benefits.

What  Is  The  Best  Medicare  Supplement  Insurance  In  Oklahoma?
The best Medicare supplement plan in Oklahoma is the one that meets your needs and budget. Medigap plan F is the most popular plan, but you should consider all options rather than just picking based on popularity. Understand that all Medicare supplement plans with the same letter are identical in every way except price.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Car  Break  Ins?
An HO4 (homeowners policy for a renter) would provide coverage for personal property. Any items that would be deemed "personal property" stolen out of a vehicle would fall under the contents portion of the homeowner policy. The homeowner policy would not pay for any damage to the vehicle itself. That would be covered under the comprehensive(other than colission) portion of the auto policy if that particular coverage is included on the vehicle. Each policy would have a deductible that would apply if a claim were to be filed on both policies.

What  Are  Variable  Annuities  Taxed  As?
Assuming that the variable annuities are non-qualified, the distribution of gain will be taxed as ordinary income at your effective tax bracket and return of basis will be tax free at the end of distributions once the policy gains has been exhausted. If you annuitize for life time benefits, the basis is amortized to your life expectancy as a portion of your payment from the start of distribution called the exclusion ratio. During the accumulation period, policy gains are tax deferred.

How  To  Plan  For  Retirement?
With financial planing, determining your objectives is the first step. Retirement planning is no different, it is a two part process. First you need to decide what a successful retirement would look like for you and then you need to plan how to fund it. What do you want to do in retirement? Spend some time discussing this and writing down your objectives. One you have an outline, you can work with a financial planner to design a plan to accomplish your objectives. There is more information on retirement planning on my website www.jpw.ca If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me. If you would like to work with a local Retirement Planner, you could start with a Google search. For example if you search for: retirement planner Halifax or retirement planning Halifax, my name along with several others will come up. You can use the same method to find Retirement Planners in your community.

How  Can  I  Tell  If  My  Auto  Insurance  Agent  Is  Ethical?
First you trust but verify. Check to make certain the terms and conditions that he is explaining to you match up with the terms and conditions in writing on your policy. Just like with any type of insurance, speak to more than one agent and go with the one that communicates well with you.

When  Do  You  Not  Need  Life  Insurance?
The only time you typically don't need life insurance is when no one depends on your income in any way or if you have enough assets to cover any needs should you pass away. One example would be a single person with no dependents, no secured debt, and enough assets to cover the cost of a funeral. Even a person in this situation may want to have enough insurance to cover the funeral as assets may not be accessible for a significant amount of time. Many people think they need life insurance once they have children, but it is important for those married or living with someone as well. Life insurance will not only allow the survivor to maintain their standard of living, but also gives them financial security through the grieving process. Taking the time to create a will and ensure you have proper life insurance is one of the greatest gifts you can give your loved ones and help them know how much you care at a time of great grief.

How  Much  Does  Life  Insurance  Cost  For  A  Baby?
Buying life insurance for a baby is a great idea. I wish more parents and grandparents did this. With whole life insurance you can lock in the very lowest rate possible, and keep that rate for the rest of the child's life, regardless of ailments or future insurability. The cost for even the highest paying policy will be so low that virtually anyone can afford this. Later, as the child becomes an adult, they will be able to easily pay that locked in lowest rate! Dollars a day. Thank you. GARY LANE.

Does  Auto  Insurance  Go  With  The  Car  Or  The  Person?
In California auto insurance goes with the car. The car is insured regardless of who is driving the car. The insurance is based upon the household where the car is registered and the driving records of the household, but the insurance itself follows the car.

How  To  Read  A  Renters  Insurance  Policy?
If you are having difficulty understanding the verbiage in your renters insurance policy. I would suggest that you contact your local agent and schedule a time to meet with them so that they can go over the policy with you and help you understand the coverage offered and any exclusions contained within.

How  To  Get  Life  Insurance  Quotes  Online?
Life insurance quotes are distributed through career, brokerage and company direct. Historically these offerings have not been as competitive as brokerage distribution channels, who offer many life insurance products from various companies. Some of these companies are on line. If the web site doesnt display several companies or a calculator that displays a spreadsheet of all companies, its not worth reviewing.

How  Much  Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cost  In  New  York?
New York Homeowners Insurance cost will depend on what is being insured. Home Insurance covers the replacement cost of the dwelling, other structures, personal property, loss of use, personal liability and medical payments to others. The age, size and construction characteristics of the home will dictate the reconstruction cost which will be used as the Dwelling Coverage Amount. If you are looking for a lower premium than generated, we would recommend selecting a higher deductible option. The deductible does not apply to Liability and Medical Payment claims; however, it is the amount deducted from a loss payout for physical loss to the dwelling, other structures and/or personal property as covered on the policy. There is a link providing an online format to obtain a quote and buy New York Home Insurance online; it may be used by Escrow/Closing Professionals, Mortgage Professionals, Real Estate Agents and directly by Consumers. An exemplary online experience for all! WEBSITELINK

Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Roof  Leak?
Any damage to the residence caused by one of the named perils is covered. When the incident is sudden it is generally assumed to be covered. If it is a long term, slow leak there might be some concerns about proper maintenance. Recovery on the roof itself will probably be restricted to actual cash value at the time of loss. This restriction is frequently in an amendment to the policy. The damage to the interior is treated in accordance with policy provisions.

At  What  Age  Should  I  Get  Life  Insurance?
Best answer: six months old. Hopefully, your parents did this for you. Hopefully, they bought you a nice whole life policy at a ridiculously low premium. A guaranteed premium. For your lifetime. Since it is a lifetime contract, you have lots of time to grow both the cash values and the survivor benefit. They can both grow to enormous numbers if you let them. If your parents did this for you, more power to you. If not, its not too late for you to do this for your children and grandchildren. Next best answer: now. You are single? It doesnt matter. You dont have any dependents? It doesnt matter. You dont have any obligations? It doesnt matter. The price will never be lower than it is now. Even if you are in perfect health, if you wait just two years to make the purchase, the price will be higher simply due to age. Why pay extra? Whats that? You have a pre-existing condition and want to wait until it improves or stabilizes? Not a good idea. What happens if it gets worse? Then you are out of luck. If you want life insurance, get it. You may end up paying more now. But if your health does improve, then you can re-shop the coverage and replace the current policy with a cheaper one. And if unfortunately you dont get better, then at least you will have a policy in force. To protect your spouse, or pay off the mortgage, or cover your business debt, or for any of the many other reasons you will need life insurance later on.

How  Much  Does  Life  Insurance  Pay?
Life insurance pays whatever amount that you purchase. Some people take. Policy out for $5,000 or less just to have a small policy to cover final expenses. Other people take policies out that will pay in the millions. You do a needs analysis to determine what you need and what type of insurance to get. It will pay the full amount that you bought upon your death.

What  Is  A  Medicare  Award  Letter?
If you are under age 65 and have applied for disability with Social Security, if approved by Social Security you will eventually become eligible for Medicare. The general guideline is following 2 years of Social Security disability payments you are eligible for Medicare but there are specific medical conditions, such as ESRD, where you can be awarded Medicare benefits before two years have passed.

How  Much  Does  Car  Insurance  Cost  After  A  Dwi?
This question cannot be answered by anyone execpt the insurance companies underwriters and their managers. Auto insurance is rated on numerous factors: what city the car is kept in, what safety features does the car have, what offenses are on your driving record, your age and etc. This is just a few rating factors insurance companies consider. Then, to make this more complicated, each factor has its own weight within a given insurance company. For example, I live in Michigan and have a not at fault accident on my record. A regional insurance carrier counts that against me to increase my premium cost and price me out of its market. A national carrier, on the other hand, does not count the accident against me, whichmakes my premium muchlower. In summary, it really depends upon your insurance carrier. My best advice is to contact your agent and have him ask how this will effect the renewal rate (keep in mind your insurance carrier might issue a non-renewal because of your DWI). If it will go up considerably you might want to consider shopping around.

Is  Term  Life  Insurance  Recommended?
There are two basic types of life insurance: term and permanent. Term is for temporary needs, permanent is for lifetime needs. Term is recommended in situations where the coverage need is short term - generally anything less than 30 years. If you are not sure, but want to buy term, work with a life insurance professional to choose a convertible term product with favorable conversion features so that you can change to your choice of the term company's permanent policies later, even if you are no longer insurable,

Is  Life  Insurance  Exempt  From  Creditors  In  Connecticut?
Life insurance is exempt from creditor in Connecticut if the beneficiary on the policy is not the estate. If the insured person passes away with debt, and the proceeds of his/her policy goes to the estate (either because the policy was set up that way, or because the beneficiaries are no longer living), then the life insurance money will go through probate, where creditors can go after it. If the beneficiary is a person, they cannot take it away from that person.

Will  Medicare  Be  Around  In  20  Years?
Due to the political nature of Medicare coverage, I do not anticipate Medicare will ever go away. Like all other government programs there is no doubt Medicare will continue to change and will cover fewer items and will shift more of the cost of care to the beneficiary in the form of higher deductibles and higher premiums.

What  Is  A  Qualified  Long-Term  Care  Insurance  Contract?
The term "qualified" should really be "tax-qualified". A tax-qualified long-term care insurance policy (TQ) is one that pays out benefits that are not subject (in most cases) to income taxation in the year that they are received by the policy owner. (See "NOTE", below.) The benefits paid out froma "non-qualified" long-term care policy (NTQ) may be subject to income tax in the year that they are received. Policies purchased prior to 1998 should be reviewed by a qualified tax advisor for any questions about taxation of benefits. Legislation in 1996 allowed for federal exemption from benefit payout taxationfor policies purchased after a certain datethat metspecific requirements outlined in that legislation. NOTE: LTC insurance policies that payout their benefit as a cash amount (indemnity policies) may exceed the government-allowed limit on how much of that benefit can be considered "tax-qualified". If you have one of those types of policies, consult with the carrier's policy owner service unit to determine how your benefits might be paid out should you qualify for care. Some carriers will only payout a cash benefit up to the federally-mandated limit to avoid triggering a 1099 being sent to the IRS. But, it's better to check than be surprised.

How  Much  Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cost  In  New  Jersey?
The cost of Homeowners Insurance varies based on coverage limits, deductible and options selected. In order to obtain a quote for home insurance, you will need the year built of your home, the square footage of the home, type of roof,security features (i.e. central station alarm monitoring, smoke detectors, deadbolts etc...) and other items specific to the home. If you wish to utilize a self service online system, we have a link providing an online format to obtain a quote and buy home insurance online in multiple States; may be used by Escrow/Closing Professionals, Mortgage Professionals, Real Estate Agents and directly by Consumers. An exemplary online experience for all! WEBSITELINK

Will  My  Health  Insurance  Cover  Me  In  A  Motorcycle  Accident?
Yes. Your health insurance plan will cover regardless of how an injury or illness is caused. Please feel free to contact me for help if you need assistance with your health insurance plan or if you have any other questions. I hope the information is helpful - thanks very much.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Euflexxa  Injections?
Medicare does cover many medications administered by injection. Some drugs, such as Zostavax, are covered under Medicare Part D. Others are a Medicare Part B claim. In the case of Euflexxa, if your doctor properly codes the claim, Medicare Part B should pay for the drug and administration of the medication.

Where  Do  I  Find  Affordable  Health  Insurance?
The PPACA or Obamacare as it is popularly known goes into effect in 2014. You may qualify by means testing for the government assistance that may pay the entire premium or part of the premium. The government is also offering credits to some middle class workers that may offset the premium they owe. So check into the means testing rules and credits before the end of the year. Meanwhile, you should secure a short term medical insurance policy.

Can  Renters  Insurance  Cover  My  Bicycle?
Renters insurance is designed to cover sudden and accidental losses and will cover your personal property "any where in the world". If your belongings are stolen or damaged away from your residence most policies cover up to 10%. For example, if you have a Renters policy with the following limits: Personal Property = $20,000 Liability = $300,000 Medical = $1,000 Deductible = $500 If your bike is stolen away from your apartment you would have coverage up to 10% or $2,000. Keep in mind your deductible. In the example above you would receive a check for $700 - $500 = $200.

What  Is  The  Best  Rated  Life  Insurance  Company?
AM Best S&P Moody's Fitch Comdex 1 Teachers Ins & Ann Assoc A++ AA+ Aaa AAA 100 2 Northwestern Mutual Life Ins A++ AA+ Aaa AAA 100 3 Massachusetts Mutual Life Ins A++ AA+ Aa2 AA+ 98 4 New York Life Ins Co A++ AA+ Aaa AAA 100 5 New York Life Ins & Ann A++ AA+ Aaa AAA 100

What  Is  A  Face  Value  Of  Life  Insurance?
The face value of a life insurance policy is the death benefit amount specified in the contract. Most policies issue a level death benefit which remains the same through out the term of the contract. However some policies use an increasing death benefit option that increases the face amount over time. Some permanent cash value polices may also increase the face amount due to performance of the crediting method usually later on in the life of the policy.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Septic  Systems?
Sometimes. It really depends upon the terms of your insurance contract. If a covered peril occurs (e.g. explosion) and it damages your septic system or a pipe leading into your home from the sewer that could be covered. In this instance you will have to peruse your policy for a specific exclusion to septic/sewer damage to see if your claim will be denied. If your septic system just stops working, however, there is no coverage for this. Normal wear and tear or just age is not a covered peril. That could be a warranty claim against the manufacturer. I hope this helps.

How  Long  Does  It  Take  To  Borrow  Against  Life  Insurance?
I think you mean: how long does it take to get the money when you borrow against a life insurance policy? If this is the question the answer, generally speaking, is a few days up to a week tops. For those who need the money immediately, arrangements can be made by the insurer to overnight a check to the policy holder. Some carriers can transfer the money very quickly by EFT, but this is somewhat rare.

Is  Aflac  Life  Insurance  Good?
Aflac life insurance is sold through American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus and American Family Life Assurance Company of New York, with group policies sold through Continental American Insurance Company. Aflac and its companies were rated A+ by AM Best in 2012. They have been selling good term and permanent products since 1955.

What  Is  The  Function  Of  Disability  Insurance?
Because the average person only has 3 months worth of savings, disability insurance allows a person who can no longer work (due to sickness or injury) to maintain their lifestyle. It can be used for mortgages, car payments, debt, etc. Many people often think, "Well I won't get hurt at my job," but in reality, 90% of disabilities are caused by an illness, not by an injury.

What  Does  Car  Insurance  Cost  Per  Month?
Monthly car insurance payments vary and are determined on an individual basis. Drivers are rated on many factors, age, loss or claim history, the type of car, the city where the car will be driven, sometimes a credit report, deductibles, among many other things. Your best bet is to call an agent and get a quote. A good agent will be happy to walk you through everything so that you understand what you are paying for and why. -Teresa

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Appliances?
Your Homeowners Insurance policy provides protection against losses caused by covered perils named in the policy, or those perils that are not specifically excluded (earth movement and flood for example). If your appliance simply gives out over time due to wear and tear, this would not be a covered peril. If however, your appliance is damaged as a result of a fire, or a power surge caused by lightning to name two examples, then they moire than likely would be coverage in your policy for such damage, subject to your policy deductible. Talk to your Insurance Professional about the terms and conditions of your policy.

Can  I  Turn  Down  Medicare?
Yes, you can turn down Medicare. However, with no premium for Medicare Part A, and in consideration of the valuable health care that it provides, one should give very careful consideration before turning down Part A. Part B is not needed if you are still working and receiving group health insurance, so it can be turned down and picked up later. Again, to turn it down permanently, first look hard at the benefit it provides, and the alternatives, before making that decision.

Does  Dave  Ramsey  Recommend  Annuities?
No! Dave Ramsey is not a fan of annuities. Dave's generic advice is to invest in "good quality mutual funds, with a long track record" and to stay invested, even through your retirement years. I happen to disagree with his advice, and with his stand on annuities. (For the record, I can show you mathematically how following his advice through any of the major market downturns we've suffered would have left you dead broke.) You have to remember, an annuity, like any other financial product, has a purpose. The purpose of an annuity is, among other things, to provide a stream of income that is guaranteed. When used appropriately, an annuity can be a valuable tool.

What  Is  The  Cost  Of  Medicare  Part  B?
Medicare Part B premiums in 2013 are $105 per month for most Medicare beneficiaries. Higher income individuals and couples will be required to pay a higher rate (up to $231 per month). WEBSITELINK If you do not enroll in Part B on a timely basis you may also pay a late enrollment penalty.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Doctor  Of  Osteopathy?
As long as the Doctor of Osteopathy is a provider who accepts Medicare the answer is "YES".Office visitsare covered under Medicare Part B. You can verifuy this information at WEBSITELINK under the "Doctor and other health care provider" section.Of course whatever treatment one is seeking must be medically necessary per Medicare standards. There may be other variables depending on any ancillary coverage you might have, such as a Medicare Advantage HMO. Then the Doctor of Osteopathy would heve to be an "in-network" provider and accepting new patients to their panel.

Is  Medicare  Supplement  Plan  F  The  Best?
Medicare supplement plan F is a very good plan and for some people may be their best option. Supplement plan F pays 100% of Medicare approved Part A and Part B charges which limits your out of pocket costs after Medicare pays their portion. Over 90% of my Medicare clients do not buy plan F.

Is  New  York  Life  Insurance  A  Public  Company?
New York Life is not a publically traded company. New York Life is a mutual company. This means their policyholders are owners of the company versus publically traded on the stock exchange. Some types ofNew York Life whole life policies even allow voting rights and dividends for the policyholders. There are both plus and minus to mutual companies versus publically traded companies.

Does  Farmers  Insurance  Offer  Life  Insurance?
Per their website, Farmers insurance offers life insurance through Farmers New World Life Insurance Company. To obtain a competitive quote from numerous life insurance companies to compare to their quote, contact a website that offers life insurance quotes from multiple companies. It never hurts to look around, especially if you can utilize one website that does the shopping for you.

When  Do  Kids  Need  Car  Insurance?
Your child needs to be insured as soon as he or she receives their license. While driving with a temporary permit they will be covered. Once they receive their license you need to add them to your policy or have them purchase their own. It is usually less expensive if you add them to your policy. Check with your agent for laws in your State and the best way for your child to be insured.

How  Much  Life  Insurance  Can  I  Afford?
Life insurance can be designed to fit virtually any budget. It is definitely more affordable the younger you are so start early and do so before your ability to qualify medically changes. If your budget is tight, term insurance may be a place to start. For example, for about a dollar per day, a 35 year old in excellent health could buy $500,000 of 20 year term life insurance coverage. You can later convert it to permanent coverage, without having to prove you are insurable, when your budget allows for the higher premium. Then you can have coverage you cannot outlive.

What  Is  Terminal  Bonus  In  Life  Insurance?
A terminal bonus (or capital bonus, or final bonus) can be paid upon maturity of a mutual policy. This is a feature of some "with-profit" Whole Life policies in Europe and Canada and other countries in the Commonwealth of Nations. It is comparable to a final dividend in the US.

Can  Felons  Receive  Medicare?
Felons can possibly receive Medicare after a waiting period of 5 to 15 years, depending on the severity of the crime that they had committed. They must also meet age requirements and have contributed to Medicare through their job for at least 40 quarters, as does anyone who applies for Medicare.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Long  Term  Care?
The Internal Revenue Service expand the tax code in 2005 when they added the Private Pension Act (PPA) to the tax code. This section of the tax code allows individuals to plan for Long Term Care using dollars perhaps they now have in Certificate of Deposits or in an Annuity product. In the case of the money invested in Certificate of deposits, fully taxable, the individual is allowed to use the tax code to invest into the PPA qualified and stop the taxation and if used to pay for qualified health care expenses in the future the dollars are never taxed. The beauty of this section of the tax code is it can be used for even health care costs received in your home. You may diagnosed in the future with a medical condition that requires you to travel to a specilized treatment facility (like Mayo Clinic) and you can pull the costs of that travel from the qualified PPA investment and it qualfies for the tax exemption

At  What  Age  Does  Term  Life  Insurance  End?
It's going to depend on the policy. Most term life plans can run out to age 90 or 95. There is no set rule. Others may end at age 70 or 80. When purchasing a term policy that is a great question to ask. Another would be is the Term policy "convertable". Term policy conversion option is when you can change your term policy into another type of plan offered by the insurer. This is done without medical underwriting, in other words the class you were in your term policy can be the class you get in the conversion. This is a very overlooked aspect of term policies. Conversion is a way to keep a term policy from ending a person's coverage.before they're ready to have it end.

How  To  Save  Money  On  Home  And  Auto  Insurance?
There are two times when money becomes the issue in insurance. The first is when the policy is issued and the second is when a claim is paid. The best way to look at this is to plan backwards. If you have been in an accident and you are at fault what do you want your insurance company to do? It is better to use the worst case scenario. Most people want their company to satisfy all the lawsuits and repair their automobile. That establishes the amount of coverage and ultimately the price. Most people make the mistake of starting at the other end and purchase minimum coverage at the cheapest price with the least personal advice. They can be very dissatisfied with their bargain insurance when the lawsuits start.

Does  Private  Health  Insurance  Cover  Rhinoplasty?
Insurance does not cover most elective cosmetic surgeries including rhinoplasty. You would have to pay out of pocket, but could take advantage of your insurance network discount if your surgeon is within the network. Isurance will cover the surgery if necessary because of a condition like a deviated septum or the surgery is necessary because of an accident.

Where  To  Get  Homeowners  Insurance  Quotes?
In order to secure an appropriate homeowners policy find an insurance agent that you trust and work with that person. If you dont have an agent, get recommendations from friends, colleagues or neighbors. A good agent will listen to you, provide solid financial advice and communicate clearly with you and with the insurance company. This agent will help you select appropriate limits so that when a loss occurs you will be satisfied with the settlement.

What  Is  Life  Insurance  Maturity  Date?
The life insurance maturity date is the date that the policy ends or when the proceeds are paid. If Term life, the policy ends and the death benefit is paid at the death of the Insured. If death does not occur during the years of the term, the maturity date passes and no death benefit is paid. In permanent insurance, a maturity date is built into the policy contract, usually rangingfrom age 90 to 121. At that point, if the Insured is still alive, proceeds are paid to the policy owner.

How  Much  Does  Insurance  Cover  For  Mental  Health?
Under the mental health parity requirements of Federal law (Mental Health Parity and Addiction Act of 2008) and later of ObamaCare, major medical plans must now cover mental health issues the same as they would treat any other medical condition. So, any financial requirements such as copays, deductibles or any treatment limitations (such as number of visits) can be no more restrictive for mental health or addiction than for a physical ailment. An important distinction that the reader should be aware of is that the 2008 law applied to employers with 50 or more employees. Under the requirements of the Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) this was extended to individual and small group policies sold on or after January 1, 2014. It is possible that there are existing "grandfathered" policies still in effect that are not subject to these requirements though such policies are becoming fewer and fewer.

Does  Medicare  Plan  F  Cover  Dental?
Medicare Plan F does not necessarily cover dental. Some plans will offer dental coverage as an additional benefit, but you need to look closely at the plans to make sure the benefits you want are on the plan. The exception to this is any dental procedure that is covered by Medicare Part B would fall under Plan F benefits as well. Usually this is associated with chemotherapy.

Can  U  Get  Medicare  At  62?
Unless you are on Social Security disability you will have to wait until you are 65. While it is true you can retire at age 63 and go on Social Security you would not be eligible for Medicare. With the new Health Care Reform, you may qualify for a subsidy to purchase an exchange plan depending on your income.

How  Does  A  Child  Qualify  For  Medicare?
Disabled children that meet the Social Security definition of disabled, may be covered under Medicare. If the child is under the age of 18 and is receiving SSI payments (Supplemental Security Income) they may qualify for Medicare if they are not covered under their own health insurance plan, are as a dependent on their parents plan.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Food  From  Power  Outage?
--> Normal 0 In the spirit of every reasonable insurance question is deserving of an answer, I submit. Tenant Homeowner or Renters policies cover damage to your personal property and food certainly would be considered Personal Property. As long as the power outage was caused by one of the named perils in your policy (fire, lightning, wind, vehicle damage, etc.) and it occurred on your premises , you may have a valid claim for food spoiled as a result of a power outage. But if the power outage was caused by something that occurred away from your residence, most Renters policies specifically exclude that type of loss unless the power outage then causes covered damage to your residence. Remember however, most Renters policies have a deductible of $250 or more so make sure you take that into consideration. Add to that the effect submitting a small claim, one less than $1000, could have on your future premium or the willingness of your insurance company to renew your coverage. It may be a good idea to pass on submitting this type of claim even though you may have some coverage. In addition, most policies require you to take reasonable steps to preserve your property following a loss. Make sure you have done what you can to prevent your food from spoiling following a power outage. Some policies include a number of additional coverages, often an effort to make one companys policy appear more attractive than another. These additional coverages provide nominal amounts of insurance covering specific loss situations such as key replacement or food spoilage. Here again, you may be tempted to submit a claim because you have coverage but consider the impact a claim might have on future premiums and renewal terms. You may be better served to simply replace the food. When an event like this occurs, try to recall why you purchased insurance in the first place. More than likely, it wasnt to reimburse you if the food in your refrigerator went bad.

Can  I  get  the  damaged  parts  back  after  the  repair  is  complete?
I dont think that there is a hard and fast rule about this. If you want parts returned to you make your desires known to the adjuster and then to the shop doing the repairs. Often when something is removed it is immediately set aside for recycling so it is up to you to take the initiative if you want a part.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Tree  Root  Damage?
Tree root damage does not fall under the category of sudden and accidental. Tree rootdamageoccurs over a long period of time and istherebyconsidered avoidable. I do understand the problem is out of site out of mind but homeowners have an obligation to maintain their property and if a plant becomes a hazard the issues needs to bedealtwith therefore root damage is not a covered peril of a homeowners policy.

How  To  Select  Medicare  Plans?
You should consult an insurance agent who is licensed in your state to discuss options that exist for medicare options. You can also contact the Social Security Administration for some guidance on what options exist. Lastly, you could also seek out the advice of a fee based financial adviser who, for some cost, can advise you on medicare options that exist to you.

Can  I  Get  Auto  Insurance  For  Just  One  Month?
You can get auto insurance for one month. When you apply for coverage, you will be required to make an initial payment and the rate is usually guaranteed for 6-12 months. You can elect different billing arrangements. You always have the right to cancel a policy at any time. A refund (short-rated or pro-rated) will be offered.

When  Does  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Start?
Long Term Care Insurance starts paying when the insured person can no longer care for themselves without personal assistance, and when the days of the elimination period have passed. There used to be a trigger that would allow the benefit to be paid if a doctor said that long term care was needed, but almost no policies include this trigger any more.

Can  I  Pay  My  Life  Insurance  With  My  HSA?
Can you pay your life premiums with HSA funds? At this time, the answer is no. That does not mean that in the future premiums could be as we never know one year from the next what will be legislated and what won't. Insurance laws are changing or in a state of flux these days. Nothing is impossible.

Is  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  An  ERISA  Plan?
Long term care insurance policies offered at the job, whether fully insured or self insured, are under ERISA (the Employee Retirement Income Security Act). As people age and their group long term care policies begin to be used more and more, ERISA will enter into the determination of payment of benefits.

Does  My  Insurance  Cover  A  Borrowed  Car?
That is a great question! The answer is call your agent and see what if any of your coverage would cover you in the borrowed car. You would want to make sure that you have coverage enough in case something bad were to happen. Check first, just to be safe. Thanks for asking!

Is  Commercial  Auto  Insurance  Cheaper  Than  Personal?
The short answer is, "usually not." Commercial auto policies are in place to provide liability and collision coverage for work related vehicles. Insurance companies view commercial autos as instruments necessary for work, which means they will be used on a daily basis. This means there will be more driving and greater exposure. Think about it this way, when you are getting personal auto insurance the insurance company will ask what is the purpose of having your vehicle and how far will you be driving. For commercial auto policies it is assumed this will be increased. I hope this helps.

What  Is  The  Best  Type  Of  Life  Insurance  Policy  To  Have?
Life insurance is a matter of mathematics. There are years of historical data that allow companies to predict with a high degree of accuracy the probability that you will die during a specific period of time. Policies are designed to meet your requirements. If you need protection for a limited period of time a combination of term policies might meet your needs best. If you have lifetime requirements then permanent insurance is the way to go.

Can  I  Take  Money  Out  Of  My  Life  Insurance?
Money can be taken out of life insurance policies. Guaranteed cash value, from whole life contracts, can be borrowed at a specified interest rate. Dividends from a participating whole life insurance policy can be withdrawn and sometimes borrowed. If the dividends were purchasing additional insurance, the death benefit could reduce. The previous answer to this question was 100% accurate. Peggy is an expert in the field of life insurance.

Can  Home  Insurance  Companies  Deny  Coverage?
Yes, depending upon the circumstances and their rules and underwriting guidelines as they have fled them with your state's Insurance Department. An application for coverage may be denied in some cases due to a poor loss history. Applications may also be denied if the property does not meet a company's underwriting standards and is in poor repair.

