What  Happens  When  Term  Life  Insurance  Is  Paid  Up?
Actually term life insurance cannot be paid up. It just expires or has a steep premium increase many times 1,000%. The cash value policies such as whole life, universal life, indexed universal life or variable universal life do endow or are "paid up" plans in which you are asking. Sorry!

What  Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover?
A renters insurance policy will typically provide coverage for your personal property less your policy deductible in the event of a covered loss ( fire, smoke, and lightning to name a few). Liability coverage is normally also part of the policy that may provide coverage in the event that someone is hurt while in your rented premise that you are deemed responsible for. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Does  Owning  A  Pitbull  Raise  Homeowners  Insurance?
Most insurance companies do not surcharge for animals. Instead they exclude certain breeds, restrict payment on others and/or decline the property completely. Dog bites are a major problem for insurance companies and they are more likely to deny coverage and exclude coverage for certain breeds should you purchase the animal following the start of the policy.

What  Should  You  Look  For  In  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Every product purchase has a value proposition to assess, but the most critical items are the long term care insurance companys financial and claims paying ability as well as the contractual language in the policy relating to the triggering of policy benefits. The contractual language can be a daunting read for a consumer. It is recommended to secure a long term care expert to review the policy benefits and how the work

Will  Medicare  Pay  For  Smoking  Cessation?
Medicare will not pay for smoking cessation products such as nicotine substitutes (Nicorette gum, nicotine patch, etc), and Medicare will not pay for pills that reduce the craving to smoke. But Medicare will pay for up to 8 face-to-face smoking cessation counseling sessions with a qualified Medicare doctor during a 12 month period.

What  Is  Eoi  For  Life  Insurance?
EOI in life insurance stands for "evidence of insurability". When you are taking an exam to get a life insurance, you are providing evidence of insurability. It is whatever is required to show that you are qualified to obtain that policy. When life insurance does not require EOI, that can make the policy very expensive, as in guaranteed issue life insurance, which has no evidence of insurability requirements. However, sometimes no EOI can be a perk. E.g Many term policies offer the opportunity to convert them to permanent policies without evidence of insurability. That is a perk, especially if your health deteriorates and you cannot qualify for a new term policy. It is a double perk in that the converted permanent policy will be rated the same as your term policy was.

What  Companies  Will  Issue  Life  Insurance  To  The  Mentally  Ill?
None that I know of will underwrite a mentally impaired person. It goes back to basic contract law and both parties being of sound mind to contract together. In fact when dealing with seniors these days an agent must be sure the senior is of sound mind when doing any financial work. Often, a agent will include family members of the client in the discussion. Dementia is something that can come on quickly and courts have ruled against agents who may have sold products to seniors who not much later on, suffered from dementia.

Why  Is  Health  Insurance  So  Expensive  In  New  York?
This question was asked before implementation of the Affordable Care Act, but the answer highlights important features of the new law: coverage for preexisting conditions, and the mandate to purchase. Health insurance in NY was expensive because laws required insurers to issue policies regardless of health. Healthy people were not required to purchase a policy. Eventually only the sickest people enrolled in the plans, forcing premiums very high. The Affordable Care Act includes a mandate for health people to purchase coverage. It remains to be seen if the penalty for being uninsured is stiff enough to avoid what happened in NY.

When  Do  We  Have  To  Have  Health  Insurance?
The Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) states that if you do not have health insurance by January 1st, 2014 you run the risk of paying a penalty. An independent agent can show you plans from all the major carriers and help you determine which plan would best fit your needs. The best part is you the service is free. The insurance carriers by the independent agent for business they write. You save lots of time by looking at lots of plans from many carriers and you get unbiased advice from the independent agent. You can run health insurance quotes on our website by clicking "other" and going to under 65 health insurance section. For folks 65 and over they can run Medicare supplement quotes on our website as well.

How  To  Submit  A  Renters  Insurance  Claim?
To submit a claim for bodily injury, property damage or damage to personal property on your renters policy, contact either your agent or the direct number provided by your insurance company. Before you file the claim you should understand that the claim might trigger an increase in future premiums. If the damage is near the deductible you might pay less by not filing the claim. Discuss this with your agent if you have the time. If you are sued, notify the company immediately.

Who  Offers  The  Best  Life  Insurance  Plan?
The life insurance company that offers the best life insurance plan is the one that has the best price for the exact coverage you need from your unique situation. Here is the problem all policies are completely different and the insurance company has a different risk tolerance and marketing budget to have a one size fits all price. I recommend using an experienced independent broker to professionally shop for the best product at the best price to meet your goals and needs.

Why  Is  My  Car  Insurance  Claim  Being  Investigated?
Hard to answer such a question without any details. But in general, I wouldn't worry too much about it. Fraud is so out of control, that they have to investigate certain claims. During the claims process, companies have their set of "red flags" that triggers further investigation. As long as you have nothing to hide, you shouldn't worry about it too much. They may ask for things such as: -bank statements -proof of residency -receipt from last oil change -etc., etc., etc. Sometimes innocent minor things can trigger a red flag, and it ends up being no big deal. Other times, fraud is suspected. And sometimes, a high dollar amount of loss can trigger an investigation simply for due diligence. So don't sweat it. If you have nothing to hide, give them what they want and you should be fine.

How  To  Get  Health  Insurance  When  Pregnant?
You may be able to get coverage through Medicaid. There are no open enrollment period restrictions for this program. However there are needs based criteria which are often extended for pregnant women. Each state has very different rules for who qualifies. Contact the Medicaid office in your county to see if you qualify.

Can  A  Corporation  Pay  For  Disability  Insurance?
The business can pay for short or long term disability insurance in a employer sponsored group plan. But some corporations don't carry long term disability in their group plans, so they offer long term disability to their key executives as an extra retention benefit. They may be able to deduct the premiums, however if they do the benefits may be taxable.

Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  A  Tree  Falling  On  My  Car?
Your homeowners insurance would not cover this sort of incident, but your auto insurance may if you have comprehense insurance coverage less your deductible. Read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that may be contained within or contact your local agent to have them go overth policywith you.

Where  To  Start  Looking  For  Health  Insurance?
The best place to find health insurance is from an experienced broker. Because of the complexities of the new Affordable Care Act (ACA), it's important to maximize subsidies, apply for the best plan with the available funds you have, understand Metal plans and enroll in a timely manner. LIVE answer is provided by: Ed Harris - Premier national health insurance broker for more than 33 years and owner of several top-rated healthcare websites that provide the lowest available prices.

What  Is  Medigap  Blue?
Vermont BlueCross BlueShield has a health insurance product call Medigap Blue. It provides Medicare Supplement coverage to Original Medicare Part A and Part B. They offer Medigap Plans A, C, D, F and N with all the standardized benefits as with other insurance companies. Their premium rates are grouped into under 65 disabled and over 65. Please let me know if I can offer further assistance.

Is  Workers  Comp  The  Same  As  Disability  Insurance?
No, workers compensation is not the same as disability insurance. Workers compensation insurance is insurance purchased by an employer to cover employees who become injured on the job and as result can no longer work. It provides income benefits to the covered employee while they are out of work. Disability insurance covers an individual regardless of the time place and manner of the event that prevents them from working (i.e. it does not have to happen at work). Disability insurance is also generally set up to cover a larger amount of lost income.

Is  Disability  Insurance  Necessary?
Disability Insurance replaces up to 80% of your income at a time when you cannot work. For most people, receiving their income is a necessary factor to live a normal life without tremendous upheaval. Granted, becoming disabled itself can carry emotional, social and physical trauma. But to take away income complicates things at a time when further disruption is not needed. Social Security Disability Insurance does exist, but it takes longer to get, does not replaces as much income as an individual policy, and requires that you cannot work at any job.

How  Much  Optional  Life  Insurance  Do  I  Need?
You might want to consider purchasing a private policy instead of the optional life insurance offered by your employer. You may be getting the first $50,000 of life insurance at work for free, and the first $50,000 is usually a nontaxable benefit. But the amount beyond that, which is called "optional" life insurance, does not generally involve those perks. While the price may seem good, most life insurance policies offered through work do not stay that same price, and many end when you leave that job. If you are older or have developed a health condition when your employment ends, you may find that the prices are far higher than you could have locked in through a private policy while you were working.

What  Is  A  Health  Insurance  Claim  Form  1500?
A health insurance 1500 claim form is a standard claim form issued by the Center for Medicaid and Medicare Services that used by a non-institutional providers and suppliers to bill Medicare insurance companies and durable medical equipment regional carriers, as well as some Medicaid State Agencies.This form is usedwhen a provider qualifies for a waiver from the Administrative Simplification Compliance Act requirement for electronic submission of claims.

Can  You  Borrow  Money  From  Renters  Insurance?
No Renters Insurance does not have cash value. Renters Insurance is designed to replace your personal property in the event of a covered loss subject to a deductible. There is no savings feature that would provide for any type of loan. The policy will provide cash for additional living expenses if you must leave your apartment due to a covered loss.

Where  To  Get  Home  Insurance  Quote?
That is a great question! Many people will turn to the internet for quotes, but I don't recommend it. The quotes are very often generic, and will often change considerably when all the appropriate information is given. Do a couple of things, and then contact an agent (or agents) and ask fir quotes. Check with friends and family, and ask about their insurance - the customer service, cost, and how happy they are with their coverage. Then catalogue your belongings, serial numbers, replacement costs, etc. so that you have an idea of what you will need for coverage. That should give you a little better accuracy with your quote. Good luck, and thanks for asking!

Why  Buy  Variable  Life  Insurance?
That is a great question! Of the three types of life insurance, term, whole life, and universal (or variable) variable is the most complicated. The things that make it different also make it riskier. This is not the policy for you, if you do not like risk, or do not want to have to keep track of its performance. This policy is called "variable" because your payments can vary. This can be a problem, if you send in a steady payment amount, and the policy expenses are more than the payment you are sending. Your policy will eventually eat itself alive, and collapse. If you are someone who likes risk, and will pay close attention to your policy's performance, the policy can be a valuable part of your financial plan. This type of policy can ( I repeat Can) generate large cash values, if the needed variables all fall into place. Talk to your agent or advisor, and see if this policy is what works best for you. Thanks for asking!

How  Long  To  Plan  For  Retirement?
Retirement planning should begin now. It is never too soon. Retirees rarely think that they have too much money. Because many retirement programs offer tax free compounding of earnings, the results of an early start are truly amazing. Determine what the maximum amount you can legally contribute to an IRA, pension plan or whatever program available to you. Try to put aside as much or that maximum amount every month. Stick with your plan.

Who  Is  The  Least  Expensive  Auto  Insurance?
The least expensive auto insurance company? Actually, there are about a dozen answers. Depending on the state where you live, it could be State Farm, Progressive, Esurance, Farmers, Geico, Allstate, Erie, Liberty Mutual or one of many other companies. Rates are based on many factors and in any given area, it could be one of many options. An experienced broker and their website is a great resource to shop, compare, and find the best car insurance rates in the US!

What  Is  Centers  For  Medicare  And  Medicaid?
The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (also known as CMS) is a US Department of Health & Human Service agency. They are responsible for running several federal health care programs with Medicare and Medicaid being the 2 main programs. Medicare is a federal health insurance program that you are eligible for at age 65 or if you qualify from a disability. Medicaid is a federal and state run program. It provides health care services for certain individuals who qualify based on their income .

How  To  File  A  Renters  Insurance  Claim?
It is very easy to file a renter's insurance claim. You should call/contact the broker/agent that is servicing your policy. If you do not know who it is, then call the insurer directly. You will be asked some questions regarding the items that were damaged, stolen etc...so be prepared to provide information. If it is a liability claim, more extensive information may be needed.

What  Do  I  Need  To  Know  About  Buying  Life  Insurance?
Some things to know about life insurance are: 1) Life insurance prices depend on many factors. Even the amount you can get is dependent on your income and assets. It really helps to have a great agent to help you sort out the options. As someone who has sold thousands of policies over the last decade, I don't know how people wade through all this information without help. Or why they would want to. 2) It is important to look at guarantees. In this economy, my advice would be, wherever you can get a guarantee, take it. 3) You have to keep an open mind. If you go in thinking you want a certain type of policy at a certain price, you may find that you don't even qualify for that type of policy. Your beneficiaries may end up with nothing if you don't keep an open mind. 4) Life insurance pays. Life insurance companies are very secure and nearly all life insurance policies pay the death benefit. 5) If you can't afford it, you won't keep it. If you won't keep it, your life insurance won't help anyone. So buy affordable life insurance that fits your budget.

What  Is  The  Biggest  Car  Insurance  Company  In  Us?
The biggest car insurance company in the US is State Farm, followed by Allstate and Berkshire Hathaway Insurance Group. Progressive, Farmers and USAA are also very large companies. In your particular state, you may find other insurers to be more popular; such as Erie, Travelers or Geico. As experienced brokers, our job is to compare and find the lowest rates available in your area and present you with the best options for your specific vehicles.

Does  Home  Owners  Insurance  Cover  Pool  Damage?
More than likely not. It would depend on the policy language, the cause of the pool causing the damage and the type of damage caused. This question would be best discussed with one of the claims adjusters of the company that you have the policy thru. As alway read your policy completely to know what is covered or what is excluded or call your local agent and have them explain the coverage and exclusions of the policy.

Why  Do  Smokers  Pay  More  For  Life  Insurance?
Smokers, and other forms of tobacco use, are detrimental to your health. It is not unusual for long term smokers to develop cancer of the lungs, mouth or throat. Many develop emphysema or COPD. Any of these conditions will shorten your lifespan. If the insurance carrier believes your tobacco habit will cause you to die sooner than "normal" they will charge a higher rate to compensate for the additional risk.

Can  You  Cash  Out  Your  401K?
Your 401(k) plan is established by your employer. There is a document that states what you may do with the funds in the separate accounts. The document will tell you at what point the contributions by the employer become yours. The document might provide opportunity to withdraw some of the funds for specific purposes. The plans permission to withdraw doesnt diminish your responsibility to pay tax on the money withdrawn including penalties if you are less than 50.5 years old.

What  Is  The  Best  Health  Insurance  For  Small  Business  Owners?
The best health insurance for small business owners will vary, depending on many factors. Finding the best rates and coverages are the first step and utilizing an experienced health insurance broker is critical. For example, my 33 years of experience in the business helps customers save thousands of dollars. The type of business you have, number of employees, where you live and claims experience are just some of the factors that will influence the cost.

What  Basics  Do  I  Need  To  Know  About  Disability  Insurance?
The #1 thing you need to know about disability insurance is that it is paycheck protection in times of prolonged sickness and injury. You need to select an elimination period. Most Americans have 90 days in cash reserves, so a 90 day elimination period is a consideration. When claims are filled and the elimination period satisfied, the benefits are paid tax free.

Is  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Worth  The  Expense?
If you have family history that has reoccurring nursing home care or home care assistance, you may need long term care insurance. If you play the morbidity odds of geriatric living, youll need long term care insurance. If you generated extended care expenses that you cannot financially cover, you need long term care insurance. If you play the morbidity odds of geriatric living, youll need long term care insurance. If you generated extended care expenses that you cannot financially cover, you need long term care insurance. A male and a female age 60, nonsmoker and in good health with a full coverage and inflation rider from a quality long term care insurance company will pay around $300 a month for the max coverage.

What  Is  The  Role  Of  A  Life  Insurance  Underwriter?
A life insurance underwriter assesses the medical condition of the proposed insured as well as beneficiary election and financial justification. Overall insurance justification establishes whether the amount of coverage and the beneficiaries of the application are warranted before moving forward in the underwriting process. The paramount issue is here is the economic loss suffered by beneficiaries at the death of the insured. The medical information of the proposed insured contains the attending physicians statements, the insurance exam results, prescription medications and the application answers to determine an underwriting offer. The collection of this data can be a time consuming process from 4-6 weeks.

Which  Individual  Health  Insurance  Covers  Pregnancy?
Under the affordable care act, every health insurance plan must cover the 10 essential health benefits - maternity care (including pregnancy) is one of the essential health benefits. Therefore every individual plan will provide some form of coverage for that type of benefit. How much a plan will pay when that benefit is used will vary from plan to plan. It's always helpful to consult with an experienced health insurance broker to determine which plan will be most suitable for your specific needs and budget. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Will  A  Pellet  Stove  Increase  Homeowners  Insurance?
Wood burning devices are a concern to the underwriter for a homeowners policy because they have an open flame inside the house. Insurance companies rarely change their rate based upon an increased exposure. Instead they are more likely to not accept the risk at all. A pellet stove is probably the least dangerous wood burning device. Many companies will issue a standard homeowners policy on a home with pellet stove.

How  Can  I  Reduce  My  Auto  Insurance?
You can reduce your auto insurance premiums in many ways. Of course, shopping through an experienced broker (or online through a respected website) may yield substantial savings. They do the shopping while you relax and do the saving! Increasing your collision and comprehensive deductibles will lower your rate. There are many options that may be very cost-effective for you. Verify that you are receiving all discounts that you are entitled to by speaking to a broker. 55 and retired, good-student and low-mileage are just a few discounts that most carriers offer. Improve your driving record and/or credit. It will help! And it may save you thousands of dollars instead of hundreds of dollars over your lifetime.

Why  Should  You  Buy  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
People usually buy long term care insurance so that they can have the money to make choices for their own care; so that they can save their resources for spouse or heirs; and/or so their relatives do not worry about what will happen to Mom, Dad, Grandma, or Grandpa if they can no longer can care for themselves.

What  Are  Some  Functions  Of  Life  Insurance?
The main function of Life Insurance is to protect your family and loved ones in case of your death. If you were to die, any debts that you owe, as well as the costs associated with your funeral, could be passed to your family and loved ones. Life Insurance may not keep some of these debts from passing to them, but it would certainlylessen the amount owed. Life Insurance can also be used as a savings and investment vehicle. Certain life insurance policies are tied to investment accounts and market indexes, which allows the policy to grow. These policies still have a face value, but they also will build a cash value. This cash value can be used as a loan from the policy, or they can simply be used to increase the amount of payout at the time of payment.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Januvia?
Medicare covers Januvia by Medicare Part D,the Medicare Prescription Drug Plan. Januvia is an oral medication that helps lower blood sugar and prevent diabetic complications in people with type 2 diabetes. It is not indicated for persons with type 1 diabetes or those with diabetic ketoacidosis. The generic name for Januvia is sitagliptin.

Can  I  Get  Health  Insurance  If  I  Am  Obese?
Under the Affordable Care Act (ACA) anyone that applies for health insurance will be accepted regardless of medical conditions. Being obese is no longer an issue in purchasing health insurance. You can purchase health insurance during the annual open enrollment period that begins around November 1st for January 1, 2015 effective dates.

What  Does  Renters  Insurance  Not  Cover?
A few of the exclusions under a typical renters insurance policy are: a. property covered by any scheduled insurance; b. animals, insects, birds, fish, worms and bees; c. motor vehicles including their parts and equipment; d. motorized vehicles including their parts and equipment, except those vehicles currently operational and used to service the insured premises; e. aircraft , including their tires, parts and equipment; f. property of roomers and boarders who are not insureds ; g. trees, plants, shrubs and lawns; They are covered under the Incidental Coverage of this form; and h. farm personal property. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be.

Why  Is  Universal  Life  Insurance  Bad?
No product is bad it just depends on what your needs are. What you are trying to cover or accomplish, It might be bad for you, if you are looking for more guarantees. Universal life policies involve you managing the policy. If you cannot find your policy then you should not have a policy you need to manage. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me. If you would like to work with a local life insurance broker, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: life insurance broker Halifax or life insurance agent Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find a life insurance broker in your community.

How  Long  Will  Medicare  Pay  For  A  SNF?
Original Medicare includes coverage as an inpatient in a SNF (skilled nursing facility). If you qualify for coverage, Medicare will cover the full cost of care for up to 20 days. For days 21 through 100, Medicare will pay a portion of the cost and you will be responsible for a daily copay. ($148 in 2013)

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Renters?
If someone is paying you to live in one or more rooms of the home that you occupy and insure, most homeowners policies exclude coverage on their personal property. The person renting from you certainly hasnt a legal ground for coverage. The renter can purchase an individual renters policy to provide coverage for their own personal property.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  The  House?
If you are renting a house, the renters insurance that you purchase may cover damage to the house for which you are held liable under the liabnilty protection portion of your policy. For example, if say you use a faulty extension cord that is found to be the cause of a fire which damages the house, then your loiability coverage wil be used to pay for those damages. Remember to be sure to have enough liability protection ion your renters' poplicy. Most folks focus on having enough presonal property coverage to protect the things they own. Remember that if you do anything to damage your rental home or unit, you are responsible for the repair of those damages.

When  Did  Annuities  Start?
All annuities have a policy date. That is usually the date that funds are accepted by the insurance company. Money can be withdrawn from an annuity in several ways which would give rise to several other dates. If there will be regular installments for a period of time, which would create a different date. If a lifetime income is desired there would be the start date for that, which could be the same as the policy date on an immediate annuity. The start date for a lifetime income becomes a date that ends all further choices.

Can  Medicaid  Take  Your  Life  Insurance?
Generally it depends on what situation you are in. ie, If you are in a nursing home because of the expense that is occur on a daily basis they usually have you do a financial intake form where it ask you various questions to determine assistance and because Life insurance is an asset sometimes depending on the state will ask you to cash out insurance policies especially if you are the owner of the policy.

Is  Life  Insurance  An  Inheritance?
Life insurance is an indemnification product to protect the beneficiaries of the insured against economic loss. If economic loss occurred because of taxes during the transfer of the estate from one generation to the next, then your inheritance would be reduced by taxation. Life insurance would pay that tax, so you would suffer a reduction in your inheritance. Life insurance can also create an estate, so to that degree life insurance would be an inheritance.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Emergency  Room  Visits?
Yes. This actually falls under your Medicare Part B coverage. Medicare Part A is known as hospital insurance, but handles the inpatient hospital stays. Emergency Room visits are covered under Part B. Original Medicare (Parts A & B) cover about 80% of the costs for medical care. Generally, you're paying your Part B deductible and 20% of the Medicare-approved amount for the services the doctor(s) provide. A Medicare supplement plan can cover these expenses.

What  Does  Car  Insurance  Group  5  Mean?
Group 5 refers to a class of vehicle that is probably not going to caught engaging in drag racing because the engines are small. The cars listed are Citroen, Ford Ka or fiesta, Hyundai i20or hatchback, Peugeot 107, Toyota Yaris, Volkswagen Lupo, and Polo. These cars should be a good alternative to buying a golf cart

What  Is  A  Renters  Insurance  Declaration  Page?
A Declaration Page, also referred to as a "Dec Page," tells you the most pertinent parts of your policy. Along with containing the personal information (name, dob, address, etc.), it also lists your policy number, effective date, summarizes the coverage amount and states the premium. Any changes (endorsements) or discounts will also be listed on this page. The dec page also provides information on the insurance company, including how to contact them, where to call for claims, etc.

What  Life  Insurance  Companies  Have  Failed?
Insurance companies are regulated by individual states. States provide guarantee associations which keep coverage in force as long as premiums are paid or there is cash value. This is often accomplished by transferring policies to another insurance company. The policy terms could allow that the policy be terminated. If this is happening to you right now, continue making premium payments to keep coverage in force.

Who  Benefits  From  Whole  Life  Insurance?
There are multiple parties that benefit from whole life insurance. It benefits the insured because whole life insurance builds cash value and earns a guaranteed interest rate. It also helps the insured sleep well at night knowing that in the event of premature death, his beneficiary will receive a death benefit. The insured can also take a tax-free policy loan out of the cash value since whole life is one type of cash value accumulating life insurance. The most direct benefit of whole life insurance is the death benefit payable to the beneficiary tax-free upon death of the insured.

What  Job  Is  Cheapest  For  Car  Insurance?
Great question! Unless you are using the car for a business purpose, there usually isn't a reason for the rate to be different one way or the other. If you are using the car for business, then you really want to have it insured as a business vehicle, because if you are involved in an accident and the adjuster finds that you had been using it in a company capacity, your family coverage may not be accepted. I know of several cases where the magnetic advertisement on the car caused the claim to be denied. Thanks for asking!

What  Is  Key  Life  Insurance?
Key Life Insurance, often called Key Man or Key Person Life Insurance, is a policy that is taken out on a "key" employee of a business. The business usually pays for the policy and receives the benefits so that it has the funds to look for a new employee and not suffer financially in the interim, if that key employee should pass.

When  Do  I  Enroll  In  Medicare?
You enroll in Medicare when you decide to retire and/or if your employer tells you they will not cover you on their group plan after age 65. When you turn 65 you automatically get Part A. If you will remain on a company group plan then it's best to postpone Part B until you decide to retire. If your benefits department tells you they do not offer benefits once you turn 65 then you would get both Medicare Part A & B. You should also look into a Medicare Supplement Plan at the same time because Part A & B only will cover about 80%. You can start reviewing your options 6 months out so you will have plenty of time to make a decision. Medicare along with a Medicare Supplement Plan is actually great insurance. Most people find that the benefits are equal to or greater than what you had with your company group plan. If you pay for your group benefits or are on an individual/family policy you may even save money when you go onto Medicare with a supplement.

What  Is  Usually  Covered  In  Renters  Insurance?
Typically your personal property is covered by a renters insurance policy up to the policy limits and less your deductible. Liability coverage is also provided to help provide coveragefor accidents on your rented premise that you are deemed responsible for. There are many, many coverages offered by a renters policy. Contact a local agent to allow them to provide you with informationthe coverages and pricing with your area.

Where  Do  I  Sign  Up  For  Medicare  Online?
That is a great question! You can go directly to the Government's site for Medicare, WEBSITELINK to enroll. I will not lie, it looks confusing, but it is really very simple. Look for the drop box that is what you are looking for, and follow the prompts. If you are not very computer savvy, have a family member you trust help you, or as Jason suggested, your Social Security office case worker. If you need help, please contact me, and I'll be happy to help, okay? Thanks for asking!

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Robbery?
Most home insurance covers theft and robbery, subject to a deductible and certain limitations on various items such as jewelry, computer equipment and firearms. If you have more of these type of things than your insurance covers talk with your agent and for a small extra premium you can either schedule these items or purchase extended coverage. Always make sure you take your deductible into consideration before filing a claim. It may not be worthwhile.

What  Are  SPIA  Annuities?
Single premium immediate annuities can be paid over lifetime income you cant outlive. The older the annuitant is the higher the mortality credit assigned to the annuity and in tandem with the credited interest rate can actually perform well even in a low interest rate environment were experiencing

When  Does  Medicare  Part  D  Start?
You must enroll in Part D when you turn 65 or qualify for Medicare. You have the three months before, the month of, and three months after you turn 65 to enroll in a plan. The plans are administered through private insurance companies under the supervision of Medicare. If you fail to enroll when you are eligible you will be penalized by Medicare for each month you do not have creditable coverage. You may enroll in a plan or change your plan each year from October 15th through December 7th.

Do  Annuities  Have  Beneficiaries?
That is a great question! As annuities are an insurance product, there is the ability to structure your annuity to allow the remaining balance to pass to a beneficiary. Depending upon how you structure it, you can have your annuity pay for a certain number of years and run out; pay until you pass, then continue to pay your spouse; or pay the remainder to a beneficiary when you and your spouse have passed. That amount can be structured as a lump sum, (taxes!) or a series of payments (lesser chunk of taxes). Ask your agent to walk you through the options, ok? Thanks for asking!

What  Is  Required  For  Renters  Insurance?
To secure renters insurance coverage you will need to know the amount of coverage ( the valuation of all of your personal items ) that you desire, the year the building your premise is in was built, the number of units in the building, distance of the nearest responding fire department, distance to the nearest fire hydrant, and whether or not there is a sprinkler system and/or security system in the building just to name the main items. Contact a local agent and they can assist you in getting a quote for coverage within your local area.

What  Is  Employer  Sponsored  Retirement  Plan?
Employer Sponsored Retirement Plan is generally an ERISA qualified plan that a business sponsors for their employees with employee tax deductible contributions and sometimes an employer contribution match. An example of such a plan is the popular 401k retirement plan offered by many corporations and small businesses alike.

Can  Health  Insurance  Premiums  Be  Claimed  On  Taxes?
Health insurance premiums may be able to be deducted on your taxes, although the schedule you file and the type of benefits you receive will be a factor. Whether you itemize, are self-employed or file as a corporation will all impact the destructibility. A CPA or a tax-professional (and perhaps Turbo Tax) will be a great resource.

Can  Auto  Insurance  Be  Deducted  On  Taxes?
If you are using your auto for business and have your own business you can write a portion of the premium off if you have it on a personal auto policy. but if you have a business auto policy and use that car for business only then the entire premium can be written off.

Who  Is  Automatically  Enrolled  In  Medicare?
Those who have worked in the Social Security system at least 10 years, are a US citizen or legal resident and have lived in the US at least 5 years are automatically enrolled in Medicare Part A and Part B at age 65 If you are the spouse of someone who is qualified for Medicare, meet residency requirements and have been married at least a year, you are enrolled as well at age 65

What  Is  The  Right  Age  To  Buy  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
There are schools of thought that purchasing long term care insurance (LTCi) early on when youre healthy is the ideal time to buy LTCi. But other tributaries of thought say you should start seriously considering LTCi no later than age 50. The LTCi market of insurance companies has decreased considerably. There are about six real players left in the brokerage community. The price tag generally drives the LTCi sales, but policy definitions should be the deciding factor when premiums are relatively equal.

Can  I  Get  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  For  My  Parents?
Yes you can obtain long term care insurance for your parents and it is a really good idea and a loving thing to do. Of course they will need to participate in the process including submitting to the medical underwriting requirements. You might want to purchase whole life policies for them and add LTC as a rider. In some cases taking that route may save you money over buying LTC by itself.

Is  GST  Applicable  To  Life  Insurance?
By GST I'm assuming you are referring to Canadian Good's and Services Tax. If this is the case, the answer is no. As of current legislation Canadian Goods and Services Tax does not apply to life insurance purchases. Ontario, however, does add a provincial sales tax to life insurance transactions.

When  Is  The  Next  Open  Enrollment  For  Medicare?
The next open enrollment for Medicare is October 15 to December 7, 2013. This is the fall open enrollment for 2014. At this time you can change your Medicare plan, pick a new Medicare Advantage Plan, or pick a new drug plan. Call 800-MEDICARE for advice and information on what you would like to do during the next open enrollment period.

Where  To  Apply  For  Medicare  Part  B  Benefits?
You can apply online with the Social Security Administration for Medicare Part B benefits. The website for Social Security is www.SSA.gov. You can also visit your local Social Security office in person. When you activate your Medicare Part B it triggers an open enrollment period where you can apply for any Medicare Supplement Plan and not have to pass any medical underwriting. An Independent Medicare Insurance agent will be able to show you what's available and help match a plan that fits your needs. There is a lot more information about Medicare Part B and Medicare Supplement Insurance on our website.

Can  Disability  Insurance  Cover  Maternity  Leave?
Short Term Disability Insurance offered by an employer can cover maternity leave. There is a normally a requirement that you need to have worked for that employer some time before becoming pregnant in order to be eligible for this benefit. Private Short Term Disability Insurance, unfortunately, does not cover maternity leave. Long Term Disability, both group and private, will cover disabling complications of pregnancy or delivery.

When  To  Sign  Up  For  Medicare  Part  A?
For most people, Medicare Part A will come automatically on the 1st day of the month you turn age 65. However, it is a good idea to go to the Social Security website at SSA.gov/medicare/ or visit your local Social Security office to make sure. You should contact them 3 months prior to turning 65. You will also want to sign up for Part B at the same time. If you are still working and on a group plan, your company may still offer benefits and you could delay your Part B. Medicare Part A & B do not cover all your medical expenses. A lot of people get a Medicare Supplement plan to cover the difference. With the right Medicare Supplement plan you could have very little out of pocket expenses. A independent agent that specializes in Medicare can be a big help in finding that plan that will best suit your needs.

What  Auto  Insurance  Does  Not  Do  A  Credit  Check?
Nearly all carriers use credit in underwriting. The only variable is what sorts of events they rate on and how important it is to the rating process. Many will overlook credit, although Effective Coverage works with at least one auto insurance company in Texas who does not do a credit check for auto insurance.

How  Much  Should  I  Spend  On  Disability  Insurance?
A disability experience can ruin a persons financial condition in a very short period of time. Most Americans will experience a disability in their working life. That period of disability averages 30 months. Moat Americans have 90 days of cash reserves. If youre a midlife nonsmoker with good health you may pay 5-8% of your compensation for disability insurance.

What  Should  Life  Insurance  Cost?
Unfortunately, there's too many factors that go into premium pricing to say what an average plan costs.The risk classification is the most critical factor in determining the cost (premium) of a life insurance policy. The risk class depends ona number of factors including whether you're male or female, your medical history, height/weight profile, any tobacco usage, and other factors. Keep in mind, every carrier has their own set of underwriting guidelines and mortality tables, and each may offer a different risk class for a given medical profile - e.g. company A may offer preferred (featuring lower rates) and company B may only offer standard (featuring higher rates) Also affecting the premium for a policy is your age, how much coverage you want/need, and how long you want to guarantee it for (term or permanent). Non-medical policies generally cost more than fully underwritten policies that require an exam because an insurance company is taking on more risk without having a full medical picture of you. Consult with an experienced life insurance broker to determine what coverage is appropriate/suitable for your needs and budget. Please feel free to contact me for help. Thanks very much.

How  To  Code  Flu  Vaccine  For  Medicare?
To code the flu vaccine for Medicare you must specify which of the 5 vaccines were given: Q2035 Afluria Vaccine (split virus, intramuscular injection) Q2036 Flulaval Vaccine (split virus, intramuscular injection) Q2037 Fluvirin Vaccine (split virus, intramuscular injection) Q2038 Fluzone Vaccine (split virus, intramuscular injection) Q2039 NOS Not Otherwise Specified Vaccine (split virus, intramuscular injection) You must still use HCPCS code G0008 for administration of the influenza virus vaccine.

How  Much  Disability  Benefits  Will  I  Receive?
Your disability benefits are a percentage of your salary at the time you took out the policy (unless you added to your coverage after taking out the policy, then it will be the higher amount). Your policy will have that percentage stated in the printed copy of your policy.

Is  Durable  Medical  Equipment  Covered  By  Medicare?
Yes, durable medical equipment (DME) is covered by Medicare Part B. The durable medical equipment must be medically necessary, prescribed by your doctor, and used in your home in order to be covered by Medicare. It also must be durable, not useful to someone who isn't sick, and is used for a medical reason.

When  To  File  A  Claim  With  Homeowners  Insurance?
Whenever you experience a loss, it is best to the claim as quickly as you can. This will allow the claim to get settled as quickly as possible and allow you to get repairs done sooner. If you wait to file a claim, the processing of the claim may take longer as the adjuster will need to verify everything for the claim and some things may have changed with the items involved in the incident.

How  Much  Renters  Insurance  Should  I  Take  Out?
That depends on the valuation of the personal property that you own. Most carriers start renters insurance coverage at ten or fifteen thousand and one hundred thousand for liability coverage. The amount of coverage that you take out is a personal choice. Talk to a local agent about your coverage needs and they can help you get the coverage that you want and need.

Can  You  Get  Life  Insurance  With  Cancer?
While in the midst of cancer treatments, the only type of Life Insurance one can get is Guaranteed Issue. Since there are age limits on guaranteed issue life insurance (minimum age is usually 45+0), and since it is not available in every state, not everyone can get coverage while having cancer that is not yet removed, cured, or in remission. After a year or two of being cancer free, there are several simplified issue policies that are available in addition to guaranteed issue, and some of these will work for persons under age 45. The farther out from the time of being last treated for cancer, the better the chances of getting a regular life insurance policy. The type and stage of cancer also enter in. To find out whether you can get life insurance as a cancer patient or survivor, call an agent who can walk through the questions with you and who has an arsenal of policies to choose from. Get one locked in now, and hopefully you can find a cheaper one in the future.

Should  I  Get  Health  Insurance  Through  Work?
Most employers that offer health insurance are offering a group plan. There are rarely any qualifications for the coverage. The premium may be subsidized by your employer but there is normally some savings in the fact that it is group coverage. Your employer will probably deduct the premiums from your paycheck which will reduce your withholding and FICA taxes.

What  Life  Insurance  Is  Best  Term  Or  Whole?
That is a matter of personal opinion. I would recommend whole life insurance first. Whole life insurance has a lot more going for it in the long run. It typically builds cash value, is set to active until age 125 (as of now), and it also has other benefits depending on the carrier. Whole life insurance is typically the more costly option of the two types. Term life insurance will typically allow someone to secure higher dollar amounts in coverage but at a lessor cost than whole life insurance, but it remains active for a set period of time. Typically 10,20, or 30 years. Most people opt for a combination of whole and term life insurance to meet their needs. Contact a local agent to discuss yours and your family's coverage needs.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Vandalism?
Homeowners Insurance is most often written on Form HO-3; the Form HO-3 Homeowners Special Form does include damage from the perils Vandalism and Malicious Mischief. The coverage will apply to the Dwelling and Detached Structures covered by the policy; however, the deductible will apply. On the other hand, if only Basic Fire Coverage is purchased, sometimes known as 'Fire & Lightning', there would be no coverage afforded for damage caused by vandalism. This would apply to forms HO-1 or DP-1 which are the most basic forms of coverage available for single family residences. It is important that you review your specific insurance policy to assure that you are certain of what is covered; also, you may contact a company representative for a detailed review of your policy!

What  Is  Life  Insurance  Brokerage?
A life insurance brokerage is an entity that contracts with multiple life insurance companies in order to sell their products directly to consumers, or to consumers through other agents. In contract to captive agents, who predominately sell for one company, brokers are able to shop many companies to find the best rate for their clients.

Can  You  Get  Car  Insurance  Over  The  Internet?
You can purchase car insurance on the internet. In fact, online auto insurance sales has been increasing every year. There are any experienced online brokers (such as myself) that offer the lowest available prices from top-rated companies. High-risk and preferred drivers can obtain very low rates by shopping the right way!

How  Do  I  Know  How  Much  Renters  Insurance  I  Need?
Renters Insurance typically provides coverage for personal property/contents and for liability(including medical payments). The higher the liability and medical payments coverage limits you choose, the better. These days lawsuits are all too common and having high liability limits will help protect you. As far as contents/personal property coverage goes; all of your, "stuff," has value. Add up what you think it is all worth and that amount should be your limit. Let's say you rent an apartment, imagine flipping the building upside down and shaking it.Everything that falls out of your apartment is what you should assign a value to.This can be an estimate, you don't need to go overboard searching through receipts. Typical renters policies I issuecontain$15,000-30,000 of contents/personal property coverage.Of course the values vary drastically depending on if you are for example, a college student or a50 year old CEO who rents.

Does  Federal  Government  Offer  Short  Term  Disability  Insurance?
The federal government does not offer short term disability. Government workers do not have a directly sponsoredprogramthat they are automatically enrolled in. They can purchase private coverage. There are several private companies that allow government workers to purchase group policies and pay for them with a deduction initiated through the worker's pay center. The federal government supports social security disability for private workers, but this program does not cover temporary disabilities. Your disability must be expected to last twelve months or longer, or result in death.

How  Long  Does  It  Take  To  Process  A  Renters  Insurance  Claim?
The insurance company wants to settle the claim as quickly as you. The holdup is always determining the amount of loss. The claim is completed when you and the insurance company agree on that figure. Then the company can pay you what is owed. Of course, you understand that there is sometime difficulty in establishing those amounts.

Who  Should  I  Talk  To  About  Life  Insurance?
You should interview independent life insurance agents or life insurance licensed registered representatives. Career agents may have access to life insurance products through brokerage outlets, but they generally attempt to sell their proprietary products, which rarely are competitive in the brokerage market place. Vetting the right adviser is part of your financial plan, so plan wisely with the right planner.

What  Do  You  Need  To  Know  About  Life  Insurance?
Life Insurance requires an analysis based on future financial needs. its a plan in the event of something sudden and unfortunate. Money is tax free lump sum benefits. You will want to find the lowest rates. The best companies. A professional as myself to guide you to the best coverages. Rates depend on age, health, and other activities. Contact me. I can answer all your concerns and get you best coverages.

Does  Medicare  Pay  For  Circumcision?
Most likely Medicare will not pay for circumcision.Very few circumcisions are performed on adults. Medicare covers people over the age of 65. Many health insurance plans will not cover ritual circumcision. It is viewed as an elective procedure. Some plans will cover the procedure if deemed medically necessary. A greater percentage of claims are paid when there is a medical diagnosis such as phimosis .

What  Does  Medicare  As  Secondary  Cover?
Having two health insurance programs generally happens when a person is eligible/signed up for Medicare Part A (premium-free), but is still working and has group health insurance coverage through their employer. When this happens and the group coverage pays first and Medicare pays second, the group coverage will pay its share and whatever the balance is will go through the Medicare's claims department - Medicare will pay their share up to the Medicare-approved amount. You will be responsible for paying any remaining balance after that. Most of the time if you're paying for Medicare Part B, you're not going to be paying for group coverage as well - you would either have group coverage + Medicare Part A or Medicare Part A + Part B. If you're on Medicare Parts A & B, I highly recommend adding a Medicare supplement (Medigap) policy to help cover the gaps in coverage provided by Original Medicare (Parts A & B).

Legally  Can  A  Licensed  Agent  Sell  Life  Insurance  To  Themselves?
Yes. Life Insurance Agents can write a their ownLife Insurance Policy and recieve the commission. They get paid on their own policies. It's no negative affect,and that is how the industry is structured to work. It's like working at a car business and getting a free car to drive, working at a restaurant and getting a free meal, or even working for the airlines and getting free flights and trips.

How  Much  Does  Life  Insurance  Cost?
Video Transcript: Today's question is, "How much does life insurance cost?" Well, it depends on your gender, your age, your smoking habits, your medical background, your history. It also depends on the exam results that you'll take when you go and apply for insurance. It also may depend on your vocation. Do you have hazards in your vocation? And it also depends on, do you have recreational issues, like, are you a rock climber or a scuba diver? It matters because those are higher risks. When you also ask about what does it cost, is it going to be temporary insurance, 5, 10, 15, 20 years? Or is it going to be permanent insurance going all the way out to age 100, maybe even farther? When you look at all these factors and accumulate them, they'll come up with a number that will tell you, here is your price tag.

When  Can  I  Change  My  Medicare  Part  D?
You can change your Medicare Part D prescription drug plan during the annual enrollment period, October 15th - December 7th of each year. You may be able to enroll in a new Medicare Part D plan at other times during the year if you qualify for a special enrollment period.

What  Do  Health  Insurance  Agents  Make?
Health insurance agents make anywhere from $0 to $1 million dollars per year. Yes, that is a big range. Agents(brokers) that have been in business for quite a while and that have built up their clientele will of course make the most money. Of course, they will often be paying many employees for their help and they provide service to thousands of clients.

Does  Every  State  Require  Car  Insurance?
The easy answer is, as of my last update, NO. But, that is not the end of the answer. While insurance may not be required, financial responsibility is required in every state. Virginia allows you to pay an "uninsured motor vehicle fee" and Mississippi allows you to post a bond or cash to meet the financial responsibility requirements there. Florida is also unique because of their no-fault law but that does not relieve you of the obligation to maintain financial responsibility under some circumstances.

How  Much  Commission  Does  Health  Insurance  Agent  Make?
Compensation varies among states, insurers and producers themselves. For example, a broker in New Jersey that sells only Blue Cross plans will not be compensated the same as a broker in Ohio that sells only Anthem Blue Cross and Medical Mutual Of Ohio plans. Also, as of 2014, when State Exchanges are operational, broker compensation is expected to reduce, although ironically, their expert and unbiased advice and guidance will be needed more than ever.

Can  I  Get  Health  Insurance  If  I  Have  Hepatitis  C?
That is a great question! Thanks to the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) the insurance companies are no longer allowed to deny coverage to people with "pre-existing conditions". This is a great blessing to folks that would not have been able to get help with their medical needs before. Some insurers and the politicians they support would like to have the act repealed, and unfortunately should that happen, then people would again be denied care. If you go to the WEBSITELINK website during the next open enrollment period, you can choose a plan, and may find that you qualify for help paying for it. Thanks for asking!

Why  Are  Womens  Car  Insurance  Cheaper?
Insurance companies analyze the data on millions of automobile claims. In that process they identify significant differences in experience. If women are charged less in your state than men, you can be assured that insurance companies can detect a difference between the two and that they have convinced the insurance commissioner that this is in the best interest of the drivers in that state. California doesnt discriminate based upon sex.

How  Are  Annuities  Invested?
There are basically three crediting methods used in deferred annuities: interest rate crediting, indice crediting and separate sub account crediting. Interest rates are generated by the companys predominately government bond portfolio. Most indexed annuities invest their interest rate returns in domestic and foreign index options. Variable annuities use equity and bond instruments in their separate sub accounts selected by the variable annuity owner. These separate sub account allocations are subject to market risk, i.e. you can lose money.

What  Is  The  Monthly  Cost  For  Medicare  Part  D?
Since Medicare Part D plan are sold by different companies and in different options, the prices vary. You can anticipate a cost of approx $25 to $100/month in my area, depending on the bells and whistles of the plan. This can be higher or lower based on where you live.

What  Do  You  Need  In  Renters  Insurance?
A renters Insurance policy does two things. First, it provides coverage for the physical damage or loss of your personal property from either named or broadly implied perils. So you would need to have an idea of the value of your belongings. Second, it provides liability protection for anything that you may be responsible or legally liable for. Injury to another person or damage to their property are examples.

Can  My  Auto  Insurance  Company  Cancel  My  Policy?
Yes, they can, but there needs to be a solid reason to do so. For the most part, and this one is the most obvious, a policy can be cancelled for non payment of premium. Now by non payment, that includes one simply not paying the required premium within the grace period (if there is one) or bouncing a check for payment and then failing to pay the premium owed and any returned check service fees imposed. Another reason for non renewal can be that the insured just does not meet the underwriting standards of the company as they have been filed with the State Insurance Department. This can be anything from too many minor moving violationtickets or accidents to more serious cases that result in the suspension of one's license. Unless the reason for cancellation is non payment of premium on a policy that has NO grace period beyond the due date, the insurance company is required to notify in advance of their cancellation action. The number of days in advance can vary by state, but typically it is 30 days.

How  Much  Will  I  Get  Back  From  Medicare  For  An  Ultrasound?
The only time you should "get money back" from Medicare for an ultrasound is when you use a provider that does not accept assignment. Most medical providers do accept Medicare assignment, file claims direct with Medicare and they receive payments direct from Medicare. If you have a supplement plan Medicare sends your approved claim direct to your gap carrier who will send their payment to your provider.

Is  Voluntary  Life  Insurance  A  Pretax  Deduction?
Ifyou own and pay for the voluntary life plan you do not want it to ba taken pre-tax unless you absolutely hate your beneficiary as by taking a tax deduction for your life insurance, that action makes the benefit a taxable occurance. Currently employers can deduct the expense of life insurance up to 50,000 face amount as a busines expense and the outcome to the employee is not taxed. The employee never paid the premium, the employer did as a benefit. It is much different if the employee pays. There may be some very rare situations where you can deduct the premium, but that is very rare.

Is  Sewer  Line  Replacement  Covered  By  Homeowners  Insurance?
You can purchase an endorsement called Water/Sewer Backup which will cover resulting damage from a water/sewer line backup. The sewer line itself is not covered but the resulting damage is covered. Homeowners insurance is designed to cover sudden and accidental losses. It is not a maintenance policy and it does not cover damage from wear and tear so if you sewer line needs to be replaced because it is old or tree roots have cracked the pipe, there is no coverage.

What  Are  Medigap  Plans?
Medigap plans (commonly referred to as Medicare supplement plans) are designed to help seniors who want high quality healthcare and are on Medicare, cover the gap between what hospitals and doctors charge for their services and what Medicare will pay. Health insurance is constantly changing, which can make finding the right plan for you very strenuous. Supplementing your Original Medicare coverage (Medicare Parts A & B) with a Medicare Supplement plan will help you create a very predictable expense structure for your healthcare and allow you to see any doctor you want that accepts Medicare. Any doctor that accepts Medicare will also accept your Medicare Supplement plan. There are 10 different Medicare supplement plans and they are all standardized, meaning a plan F from company A and a plan F from company B feature the EXACT same benefits. The 10 different plans available are plans A, B, C, D, F, G, K, L, M, and N (a high-deductible plan F is also available that features a $2,140 deductible in 2014 - the trade-off being a substantially reduced premium). Each plan offers certain benefits some more comprehensive than others. Each plan must cover a core set of benefits (also known as the basic benefits). The basic benefits are: 1) Medicare Part A coinsurance plus coverage for 365 additional days after Medicare benefits are used up. 2) Medicare Part B coinsurance or copayment 3) First 3 pints of blood 4) Part A hospice care coinsurance or copayment There's a total of 9 benefits that can be secured. The other 5 benefits available under a Medigap plan are: 1) Skilled Nursing Facility Care coinsurance 2) Medicare Part A deductible 3) Medicare Part B deductible 4) Medicare Part B excess charges 5) Foreign travel emergency (up to plan limits) Each plan features a different structure, Each plan covers a different combination of these 9 benefits (some of the plans feature coinsurance or copayments for certain benefits). If cost is not a major factor for you, Plan F will be the recommended choice because it covers all 9 benefits at 100% - it's the most popular plan by far. If you're looking to keep your costs down, but still have very comprehensive coverage, you may want to look at plans C, G, and N as well. Consult with an experienced broker to review the plans in detail to see which one will best serve your needs. We have an in-depth knowledge of Medigap plans, provide quotes from multiple carriers, and can help you determine the one that's going to be most suitable to your needs and budget. Please feel free to contact me for help or if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

What  Is  Waiting  Period  In  Disability  Insurance?
Disability Insurance is intended to provide coverage in the event of a disability that prohibits a person from being able to work. The understanding for this type of policy is that a certain amount of time must elapse to prove disability. That is called the waiting period. It is expected that the insured will cover their own expenses until the waiting period has expired and benefits can begin.

What  Does  A  Health  Insurance  Statement  Look  Like?
A health insurance statement will have many looks, since each insurer has a different way of billing and contacting their customers. If it is a bill for past services, it will show the amount that is owed, the date of treatment, a description of treatment and any Network discounts applied to the bill. And there will be other items on the statement as well.

How  Do  You  Buy  Life  Insurance?
The first step to buying life insurance is finding someone to sell it to you. This can be done by searching on the internet for "instant life insurance quotes" or "diabetes life insurance" or whatever search term fits your situation. Then pick the one that gives you a good price and appears to have a good reputation as evidenced by testimonials, being part of the BBB, etc. OR you can call a local agent or agency. Once you visit with your agent and narrow down what policy you want to apply for, you fill out an application, sign and submit it. This can be done digitally or by a wet signature. The application then goes to the life insurance company for review. If you are getting a policy that does not require an exam, the policy may go into effect within as little as an hour or as long as a month. If you are applying for a medically underwritten policy, you will be contacted by a local paramed exam company to schedule a short exam done in your home or place of your choice. They will collect a blood sample, urine sample, blood pressure, etc, and ask health questions. The life insurance company may also order medical records from your physician(s). When all the requirements are in and the underwriter has reviewed it all, he/she will approve your policy at the rating that is warranted based on your medical and other information. They will notify your agent, who will then notify you. Payment may be done at the time the application is done, at the time the policy is approved, or after you receive the policy in the mail and you have looked it over and decided to keep it.

How  Much  Is  Car  Insurance  For  A  Porsche  Boxster?
The cost of auto insurance coverage for any vehicle or driver can vary greatly. Things that effect your auto insurance rates are geographical location, vehicle, age(s) of driver(s), type of coverage desired, motor vehicle record of all drivers, credit rating of all drivers, and more. Contact a local agent to get a quote. A quote cost nothing but will let you know where your rate would be.

How  Long  Does  It  Take  To  Collect  A  Life  Insurance  Payment?
How long does it take to collect proceeds from a life policy? Not all that long. Most of the time is spent getting the information together. You are going to need a certified copy of the certificate of death. Actually you should have 5 or 6 made as you will need them for other things besides insurance. When you have the paperwork together and submit, usually it doesn't take long for payment to be sent to the beneficiaries. Usually about 5 working days or so with the companies I have worked with. You also will receive interest on the money held while the paperwork is being put together as part of the claim.

Can  Car  Insurance  Cover  Repairs?
Car insurance will only cover repairs due to an accident or vandalism. If you want to get coverage for major car insurance repairs, that would be covered by a car warranty. These can be purchased at the time of purchase or at a later time through certain carriers. If you do look into this option, be sure to check the company reviews online and through the Better Business Bureau as there is a great deal of customer dissatisfaction with many of these companies. This would be a warranty and not insurance.

What  Is  A  Tax  Qualified  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Plan?
A tax qualified long term care insurance plan is one that is able to have the premiums deducted as a medical expense, and benefits received income tax free. Tax qualified plans have some requirements in regard to triggers and what is offered, that non qualified plans do not. Most long term care insurance sold today is tax qualified (TQ).

Is  Health  Insurance  Included  In  W2  Wages?
Many employees have been surprised and concerned to see the value of their employer provided health insurance being reported on their W2's. This is a requirement of the Affordable Care Act. Under transitional relief guidelines issued, so far only employers who issue 250 or more W2 forms in a calendar year are required to report this information. Eventually all employers who provide health insurance to their employees will be required to report this information on the employee's W2. This reporting of the employer paid amount for health insurance is for "informational" purposes only and is not being added to the employee's gross income for income tax purposes. There are some skeptics who see this as a precursor to the eventual tax treatment of employer paid health insurance as employee income at some future date but at this time there is nothing in the Affordable Care Act or any pending legislation that would do this. Where this reporting of employer paid health insurance will become a tax issue will be in 2018 when the "Cadillac Tax" portion of the health care law goes into effect. The Cadillac Tax will be a 40% excise tax imposed on health insurance plans whose annual premium costs exceed $10,200 for an individual or $27,500 for family coverage (these amounts will be indexed for inflation). So, an employer in 2018 who finds themselves with health plan premium levels exceeding these amounts will be assessed a 40% tax penalty. While such annual premium amounts may seem unreachable by many persons in 2014. In some areas of the country, and especially with some very rich collectively bargained plans, total costs are already coming close to these trigger points. When one observes the increases in group health insurance plan costs already triggered by the requirements of the Affordable Care Act in 2014 and applies projected inflationary trend increases over the next few years it becomes much easier to estimate that a larger portion of employer based plans could find themselves subject to this tax penalty. This is one of the underlying motivations for more employers to move to high deductible health insurance plans in order to reduce their premium costs.

Does  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Uhaul?
All personal auto insurance policies will have a vehicle weight limit for the vehicles they cover. While most will cover the policyholder in other vehicles, the coverage will not apply in vehicles that exceed that weight limit. You will need to read your specific policy to know exactly which Uhaul trucks would be covered. It may be only the smaller ones or it may be none at all.

Who  Is  Covered  Under  Disability  Insurance?
First off, most Americans have Social Security disability benefits. Many American workers have employer group plans that offer at least short term disability coverage. Some business owners and their executive management teams have individual disability insurance. Each one of these examples has varying degrees of protection. Few Americans have individual disability insurance.

Do  I  Need  Renters  Insurance  In  Massachusetts?
Massachusetts does not require you to obtain "Renters" insurance as it does auto insurance but your landlord or just good judgment may suggest this coverage be considered. Renters or Tenant/homeowners coverage provides coverage in three principal areas; Damage to your personal property (clothing, furniture and/or household items), Additional expenses to live in temporary quarters should your apartment or building be damaged or destroyed by a fire, wind or other covered cause, Personal liability coverage should certain acts cause injury or damage to someone, possibly your neighbors or even the building you occupy. Anyone responsible for maintaining a household should at least consider securing this type of coverage. It beats digging into your savings after a storm or fire or waiting for the Red Cross to give you a shirt, a bed and a hot meal. The cost for a basic policy would be in the $150-200 per year range. It certainly would be considered as important as maintaining comprehensive and collision insurance on a used car. In fact, simply increasing your deductibles on your car insurance may reduce your premiums enough to permit you to secure a basic policy.

How  Do  You  Buy  Car  Insurance  In  Ohio?
While you can purchase auto insurance through the mail or online, it is always best in my opinion, to purchase auto insurance through a local independent agent. An independent agent can help you shop several companies, find you not only the best rate, but can also provide sound advice based on your individual circumstances. A good agent can provide service ad help advocate any issues with the company. Contrary to what some would like you to believe, you do not save money on agent commissions by shopping online. A good agent can help you find the right coverage at the right price and provide the service you need.

How  Much  Life  Insurance  Can  I  Get  Without  A  Medical  Exam?
The most Life Insurance I have heard of being able to get without a medical exam is $500,000 in one policy. However, you can purchase more than one life insurance policy without a medical exam. It would not be difficult to purchase $1,000,000 of No Exam life insurance by purchasing 3 policies.

How  To  Accept  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
When you are applying for Long Term Care Insurance and are approved, the company will send you a copy of your policy. There is usually some delivery paperwork to sign, including any amendments made to your policy. By signing the delivery paperwork and paying the first premium, that is usually how you accept a long term care insurance policy.

What  Age  Does  Term  Life  Insurance  Come  To  An  End?
Term life insurance ends at the end of the term. E.g. If you take out a 10 year term life insurance policy, the policy will end at the end of the 10th year. Otherwise, the premium will jump to a much higher price at that time, and go up each year after that.

Is  Life  Insurance  Public  Record?
Not in the sense that anyone can look up your coverage who isnt authorized to do so. The MIB and scripts records are available for authorized access for life insurance due diligence purposes and when applying for life insurance, the proposed insured is required to disclose total coverage. There are privacy protocols in place to ensure, as best one can in an information age, medical and personal financial records, including life insurance.

Can  Illegal  Immigrants  Get  Private  Health  Insurance?
In most cases the answer is no. Most major medical health insurance plans require you to be a US citizen or legal resident. There are some supplemental health insurance plans that do not ask citizenship or residency status. There are also international travel medical plans that do not ask if you are in the US legally.

Can  You  Borrow  From  Veterans  Group  Life  Insurance?
Unfortunately, Veterans Group Life Insurance (VGLI) is a lifetime renewable Term policy without cash value. Therefore, you would not be able to borrow from Veterans Group Life Insurance because it does not have any cash value or pay any dividends.

How  To  Get  Health  Insurance  Under  Obamacare?
Obamacare health insurance is available through "Open Enrollments." You can compare rates and apply online through one of our websites or, if you dare, the .gov website. No medical questions are asked and the new Obamacare federal subsidy could actually pay most or all of your premium (if you qualify). There are four "Metal" plans and an additional "catastrophic" category for younger persons.

What  Is  Covered  Under  Short  Term  Disability  Insurance?
Short Term Disability covers things like childbirth, broken bones, chemotherapy, and other situations that would cause someone to be off of work for a short time (generally under 6 months, but short term disability can last up to two years). For conditions that are likely to drag on for years, Long Term Disability Insurance takes over.

How  Much  Can  You  Make  Selling  Life  Insurance?
The average life insurance agent makes be around $50,000 on life insurance sales a year. There are a segment of the sales force that makes between $75,000 and $100,000 a year. Less than 1% make over those numbers day in and day out. Selling life insurance successfully is based on the law of large numbers.

Does  Life  Insurance  Payout  For  Drug  Overdose?
If the drug overdose was due to suicidal intentions within the first two years of the life insurance policy, the policy would not pay out. After two years, it would most likely pay the death benefit even if the reason for the drug overdose was to commit suicide. An exception would be if the insured person had a drug problem that was not admitted where requested on the life insurance application, and if death occurred within two years of the policy going into effect. Again, after two years, the policy would most likely pay even if the drug use/abuse was not admitted on the application.

Can  Annuities  Be  Willed?
Annuities are contracts. They identify a beneficiary to receive proceeds in the case of a premature death. The company is required to honor the beneficiary. If the beneficiary is the estate, or there is no surviving beneficiary, then the will can direct the disposition of the proceeds. Most of the time people who purchase annuities name living persons who survive them.

Why  Is  My  Car  Insurance  Deductible  So  High?
Your deductible for your auto insurance is typically selected by you. The deductible amount can affect your auto insurance premiums greatly. The higher the deductible amount typically the lessor your premium. If you currently have your auto insurance coverage through a high risk carrier they may require higher deductibles.

What  Does  Elimination  Period  Mean  For  Disability  Insurance?
The elimination period is chosen at the time of application for the DI policy and represents a kind of "time deductible" that must be fulfilled before a claim is paid. The clock starts ticking when the carrier is informed in writing by a medical professional that the insured person has suffered a debilitating accident, developed a medical condition, or contracted a serious illness that is likely to last longer than the elimination period chosen. Thefirst dayof fulfillment of the elimination period typically begins at the date-of-onset of the debilitating event, although that actual date-of-onset is subject to the decision of the insurance company after reviewing medical records. Claims, i.e. a check for the maximum monthly benefit for income replacement, would usually not arrive until 30 days after the completion of the elimination period. For example, say the injured or sick insured has a 90-day elimination period. The income replacement check would arrive 30 days later, or 120 days from the date-of-onset. In the meantime, the insured would be responsible for paying bills during that four month period. So, serious discussion needs to take place at application time about how long of an elimination period should be applied for understanding that reality. The insured shouldmake sure that a liquid asset account be available at all times for such expenses, and/or a short-term DI policy should be in place, and/or a sufficient amount of sick leave and vacation be saved up, or a combination of all those accommodations.

How  Much  Is  VA  Life  Insurance?
VA Life Insurance rates are posted here: WEBSITELINK The Veterans Administration offers Term Life Insurance that goes up in price every five years, according to the age of the Insured. This chart shows the rates for $10,000 to $400,000 of coverage at every age.

How  Can  A  Self  Employed  Person  Save  For  Retirement?
Start a percentage of profit in a savings account this might take sometime but will pay off later in being self employed means you like the freedom that comes with it. Don't borrow money in most cases you are making enough money to run your business and live. So live below your means get help to evaluate where you are at you can get this help free most consultants or financial planners will get paid from the carrier not you. Dividend stocks and IUL life policies are good in this case and will help you earn tax free money later. I would invest in Land they are not making any more .Just say for example Hersey stock symbol (hsy) is a world dominator and has paid dividends as high as 7 dollars per share which a 10k dollar investment now could pay dividends of say 7-10k 15 years from now.

Can  You  Drive  A  Car  Without  Insurance  On  It?
You can drive a car without insurance on it. A big car. A small car. A vehicle that is red, blue or green. But do you want to? Unless your policy "follows" the vehicle and places insurance on it, you may not be covered. Make sure you're covered by working with an experienced broker that can save you money.

When  Is  Life  Insurance  Necessary?
Anytime that someone wants to help ensure that their family is able to better survive financially after their passing. If you were to pass away suddenly, where would your family get the money to replace your income, pay the debts you left behind,or pay for college educations for your children just name a few examples of how the payout from a life insurance can help. Contact a local agent to discuss product availability, pricing, and product details.

Can  You  Rollover  A  Non  Qualified  Retirement  Plan?
Generally non-qualified retirement plans are funded by life insurance and/or annuities. Transfers or 1035 exchanges can sometimes be construed as rollovers, but there are rules that govern those exchanges: Life insurance to life insurance, Life insurance to Annuitybut not Annuity to Life. Any other funding product may have other rollover rules.

What  Is  A  Short  Term  Health  Insurance  Policy?
Short Term Health Insurance is designed to cover individuals who are between jobs. Generally they can be purchased in increments of six months. Preexisting conditions are not covered. They are non-renewable, meaning if you have a six month policy for example, and the six month period expires, you need to enroll in a completely new plan.

How  To  Compare  Home  Insurance  Rates?
The objective of purchasing a homeowners policy should be to protect you against an unsustainable loss. The most expensive homeowners policy is the one that is inadequate when a loss occurs. The cheapest homeowners policy is the one that pays what you expect it to pay. Many think that by shopping they will save money, where the real issue is level of protection and that is very difficult to shop for. Get an agent and trust the agent to do what is right for you.

What  Do  I  Need  To  Do  To  Enroll  In  Medicare?
The easiest way to enroll in Medicare is to go to the social security website, ssa.gov, and complete the application process on their website. I believe you click on the "benefits" tab and then click on Apply for Medicare. From there the website should provide step-by-step directions to complete the process. If you're applying under a special enrollment period (as opposed to your initial open enrollment period when turning age 65), it will generally be better to complete the application process at your local social security administration office to make sure you receive the correct effective date for your Medicare program.

Can  Life  Insurance  Companies  Drop  You?
Assuming you mean drop you after your policy was issued and in force, the answer is no. But if during the two year contestability period, material misstatements or omissions were discovered, a life insurance company would more than likely return your premiums with interest and invalidate the policy.

Is  Januvia  Covered  By  Medicare?
Prescription formulary is differentcarrierby carrier AND plan by plan and your location. So the answer to your question depends on your plan Best way to help you via text is to direct you to the medicare site WEBSITELINK Or call into the carrier you have and ask themspecificallyregarding the plan you bought from the, I am sorry I could not answer yes or no.

How  Much  To  Pay  For  Homeowners  Insurance?
How much should you pay for homeowner's insurance? It depends on many variables including the coverage on the dwelling, personal property, liability and other items. Naturally, where you live and what the home is insured for will play major roles in determining the premium. I know...You want a price. How about between $200 and $1500 per year. It's a huge range but by contacting a broker, within minutes, we can provide an exact rate.

What  Factors  Should  Be  Considered  When  Purchasing  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Purchasing long term care insurance is a process that has many steps. Of course your budget will play a big role in the policy you ultimately buy. The assets you have, and expect to have in the future is critical along with the liquidity of those assets. As I have mentioned many times in previous questions (I guess that's why I am an "expert") your medical history will play a role in determining when and how much to purchase. This includes family history and any hazardous sports and hobbies you may engage in. A full-time experienced broker that specializes in this type of policy is your best resource. They can shop, explain and research your options. Although many folks claim to be experts, the full-time experienced agent/broker is invaluable.

Which  Health  Insurance  Is  Best  For  Federal  Employee?
Unfortunately there is no simple answer to your question. Federal employees have a wide variety of health insurance plan options made available to them at every Federal open enrollment season and these options vary depending upon the employee's geographic location. My spouse is a Federal employee so I get stuck with reviewing the options for our family every year. As every person's health care situation is unique, their financial resources vary and you may have a choice ranging from HMO's to high deductible Health Savings Account based plans there simply is no one size fits all answer. If you have a strong preference for certain doctors, hospitals and pharmacies then determining which plan options have these providers in-network will be a good starting point. Next you will want to examine the cost sharing arrangements in the plans that have the providers you like. This is where looking into the plan's deductible, co-insurance and out-of-pocket maximum financial exposure plus any doctor and prescription copayment features comes into play. And, last but certainly not least, will be whatthe monthly premiums are for the finalist plans that have met all your other criteria. I wish I could make life simpler for you and just say choose Plan X but the Federal Government has gone to great lengths to provide its employees lots of plans to choose from at different price points so it really defies any simple answer. Kind of like if you asked me what car would be best for you and I said a Prius only to find out you need to tow a 24-foot boat to the lake every weekend - the Prius would get you good gas mileage but might not even pull that boat out of the driveway.

Who  Qualifies  For  Disability  Insurance?
In order to qualify for disability insurance you must be a favorable risk in a few different categories. First is your occupation. The underwriter will want to know your employment history, job duties, earnings, net worth, education to that job and skill levels. Next is your health history. The underwriter will want to know your age, build, health history and will want you to take a paramed exam for fluid samples. Last is your lifestyle. The underwriter will want to know if you use tobacco products, drugs both illegal and prescription, your extracurricular activities, if you exercise regularly and any above normal risks. As you can see underwriting a disability insurance plan is very extensive. I would recommend using an experienced independent broker to help you navigate these plans and requirements.

Does  State  Farm  Sell  Disability  Insurance?
State Farm lists three types of Disability Insurance on their website: Disability Income Insurance, Mortgage Disability Income Insurance, and Individual Credit Disability Income Insurance. The Disability Income Insurance provides payments to the insured during a period of disability so that they can pay for an incurred expenses. State Farm also sells Group Long Term Disability Insurance.

Who  Is  The  Grantor  Of  An  Irrevocable  Life  Insurance  Trust?
The Grantor of an Irrevocable Life Insurance Trust (ILIT) is the person who creates the trust. He/she is usually the Insured person on the policy that is put under the ownership of the trust, and is usually also the Owner of the policy, thus transferring ownership to the irrevocable life insurance trust.

How  do  I  know  what  conditions  are  covered  on  a  critical  illness  plan?
Great question! The basic illnesses will be covered by almost all plans, but there are differences from company to company. The conditions under which they are covered and amounts paid out can vary also. I would tell you to look at the policy carefully, and if you don't have it handy, contact the agent or company that sold it to you. They can tell you exactly what is covered by your policy. If you are looking into purchasing one, please shop carefully, or find a trustworthy agent to guide you through the selection process, to find the best fit for your needs. If I can help any further, please contact me, I'd be happy to help.Thanks for asking!

Will  Health  Insurance  Pay  For  Implant  Removal?
It would depend on the reason for the removal. If your health is injeopardydue to the implant or complications of the implant then it may be covered. If however you just want it removed for cosmetic reasons then chances are it will not be. Check with your agent orinsurancecompany.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Stepchildren?
You can have your stepchildren under your health insurance plan in addition to your biological children and persons you are a legal guardian of. Please note, some plans may state that there has to be a legal relationship between stepparent and stepchild, meaning the stepparent has to be married to the child's biological parent.It's important to verify with the carrier whether that is a requirement if the stepparent is not married to the child's biological parent. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your coverage and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Which  Is  More  Expensive  Car  Or  Motorcycle  Insurance?
Car insurance is usually more expensive than motorcycle insurance because the value of the vehicle is more. Also, there is likely to be more damage in an auto accident compared to a motorcycle accident. However, there are some very expensive motorcycles on the road that do cost more to insure than many cars. Of course, these cycles are very expensive bikes.

How  Many  Different  Types  Of  Annuities  Are  There?
Types you will hear reference to are: Fixed, Variable, Equity Indexed, Immediate, Deferred, Single Premium, Flexible Premium, with withdrawal penalties, and without withdrawal penalties. Fixed annuities provide guaranteed, fixed payments for the life of the contract. Variable annuities are tied to the market with minimal guarantees but potential for more growth. Immediate annuities are payed with a single premium. Deferred annuities have an accumulation phase in which premiums are paid in periodically.

What  Is  Metlife  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
MetLife Long Term Care Insurance would be a policy that was sold by MetLife prior to 2010. Since then, MetLife no longer offers the purchase of new long term care insurance policies through their company. The "old" MetLife long term care insurance could be a group policy or an individual long term care policy.

Is  It  Ethical  To  Force  People  To  Have  Health  Insurance?
Ethics is a big debate on many laws not just health insurance. Unfortunately like so many laws ethics can vary since so many people these days have a different code of ethics. With that being said the law is you must have health insurance or be penalized for not having the coverage.

Is  Homeowners  Insurance  Mandatory?
Check with your attorney but I doubt that your state requires homeowners insurance. Mortgage companies require hazard insurance as a prerequisite to funding a mortgage. They also require that the insurance be maintained. Failure to maintain the insurance will authorize the mortgage company to place the insurance in place and charge you for it. Other than that the only reason to purchase a homeowners policy is a desire to avoid the risks of homeownership.

What  Is  The  Average  Disability  Insurance  Cost?
This is a difficult question for an average answer. There are just too many moving parts with underwriting and pricing disability coverage. It depends on age, build, occupation, income, life style, health status, elimination and benefit periods just to name a few. Having said that you can plan on spending 1% to 3% of your annual income to a long term disability plan to protect your most valuable asset, your ability to earn a living.

How  Much  Is  Average  Life  Insurance?
The average cost of life insurance varies so much that it is impossible to state a meaningful figure. What is average for a 20 year old male is a far cry of what is average for an 80 year old male. Those two persons generally don't even need the same face amounts or purchase the same type of policies. To find the average cost of Term Life Insurance for a relatively healthy person, you can use quote engines on websites that will show that. Better yet is to call the website or a local agency, and discuss your health and the type of policy you want. If they have several companies that will cover you with the same type of policy, that is a good way to see an average price of what life insurance would cost for you.

Is  A  Life  Insurance  Beneficiary  Responsible  For  Debt?
No, although creditors may find out you received the tax-free death benefit and try to convince you that you have to pay the debt of the one who passed away. IF debt is owed, that is where probate comes in. Generally the proceeds received from a Life Insurance policy are free from probate. Probate will go after the Estate and may decide that some of the monies in the estate, ie. the sale of a house, car, etc.. go to pay that past debt.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  If  I  Have  Epilepsy?
Yes, you can get life insurance if you have epilepsy. The type of policy you can get and the premiums will depend on how well controlled your epilepsy is. If you have had no seizures in the past couple of years, you can work full time, and your medication has been effective and stable for some time, you can most likely get a medically underwritten policy of any amount that you wish. If you have had recent seizures, especially if Grand Mal seizures, and epilepsy auses you to be on Disability, there are No Exam policies that you can get in most states in the US. They may or may not be graded and there will be a cap on the amount of coverage. But it is still possible to find affordable life insurance while having any type of epilepsy, for most people.

What  Does  Health  Insurance  Protect  You  From?
In the most basic terms health insurance protects you from large medical claims that would or could destroy your finances. Most policies are written with protection that limits the insureds maximum risk during a plan year. Health insurance protects you from financial loss by assuming a large portion of the risk in trade for premium.

Can  Felons  Buy  Life  Insurance?
Felons who are on probation or have had a felony within the past 2+ years can have a difficult time getting life insurance, other than guaranteed issue coverage. Even a felony within the past 10 years can prevent getting some simplified issue policies, although a medically underwritten policy will look at the details of the felony and approve or decline based on that. Contact an agency that carries a large variety of products to find the lowest price policy with a history of felony.

How  Many  People  Go  Without  Health  Insurance?
I think the real answer to your question is that no one knows for sure. Prior to the conclusion of the recent open enrollment period estimates ranged from somewhere in the 30 million to as high as 48 million Americans being uninsured. Certainly the Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) has made some dent in this number but firm figures are difficult to obtain at this time (late April 2014) and even the figures reported are subject to debate. If the goal of the Affordable Care Act was to eliminate Americans being uninsuredthen even the most optimistic enrollment figures of 10 million (when you include Medicaid expansion and young persons being able to stay on their parents policies until age 26) show that we have fallen far short of eliminating the problem. And, some analysts do make the mistake of confusing enrollment with becoming insured and maintaining insurance coverage. Generally there is a 15% to 20% attrition rate in the individual marketplace for people who enroll but either fail to make their initial premium payment or discontinue paying (and thus their coverage) after a few months. There is little reason to think that the law will change human nature so the net impact on the number of uninsured Americans will probably be further diluted as the year progresses. When one takes into account that many enrollees being counted were previously insured under plans no longer compliant with the law's requirements you have a fairly large amount of the enrollment really just being a transfer from one insured status to another. The end result is that there are fewer uninsured Americans today than there were a year ago but that number has not been reduced dramatically.

What's  The  Difference  Between  Whole  Life  Insurance  And  Endowment  Insurance?
Actually whole life is a type of endowment. An endowment policy is a policy designed with the cash value equaling the face amount at a given age or after a set number of years. A whole life policy is an Endowment at age 100. Other examples are endowment at 65, 20 year endowment, etc. In Canada, if the cash value of a policy exceeds that of an endowment at age 85, then the policy is non-exempt and is subject to accrual taxation. Consequently, endowments are not usually available. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Hurricanes
A renters policy provides coverage for damage that is the result of a covered peril. Since there is a wide variety of forms this cannot be answered for every case, however, most policies list windstorm or hail right after fire and lightning. These are the fundamental coverages contained in most policies. The coverage has some limitations. The company will normally not pay for loss to property inside a structure, caused by dust, rain, sand, sleet, snow or water, all whether driven by wind or not, which enter through an opening not made by the direct force of wind or hail. The company is not likely to pay for the loss to watercraft and their trailers unless inside a fully enclosed building. Smaller water craft normally have coverage. If your property damage is subject to ordinance or law, such as a connection for an appliance, there might be a limitation on the increased cost of replacement that comes because of that law or ordinance. If the hurricane causes landslides or erosion, damage to your personal property arising from that movement of land might not be covered either. The same is true if the damage comes from flood water or tidal waves. This exclusion applies whether it is caused by wind or not. If the hurricane interrupts power supply the insurance company probably will deny coverage on any loss that result from that cause, for example rotting food in a freezer. If you are running a business out of your apartment, the company will probably exclude any loss that comes from that business to include interruption because there isnt power or people cannot reach your apartment. The chances are quite good that if a hurricane strikes your apartment, that your renters policy will replace your property up to the limits of the policy. This is when you find out how good your coverage is. If you have appropriate limits you could be fully restored, minus the deductible. It is very important to have the correct limits for coverage on your renters policy. To make sure that you have adequate coverage take a picture of everything that you own inside your apartment. Then make a chart showing the property and the estimated cost of replacing the property. When you add up that list you will have the amount of coverage you should set as a limit for your policy. The pictures and estimates should be stored off-site in case that hurricane becomes a reality. Hurricanes often result in a loss of life. While that might seem remote, this might be a good time to consider what will happen to those that you leave behind. A quick inventory of debts would be a good thing to have handy. If you can eliminate debts and pay for final expenses you would be a great help to those that you love. Every weekend we see people on street corners seeking donations or offering car wash services so they can pay the expenses for a loved one. It is sad but it can be avoided with just a small amount of planning.

Can  Health  Insurance  Charge  More  For  Smokers?
Health insurance absolutely can charge more for smokers. In fact, under Healthcare Reform, the ONLY things for which carriers can charge more are age, location and smoking. Smoking was going to be a 50% increase. That's HUGE rate increase, but it ought to give you an idea of the claims that occur as a result of smoking. However, just recently Health & Human services stated they can't figure out how to logistically charge more for smoking at this time, so for the 1st year of Healthcare Reform, they are NOT going to charge more for smoking, which could end up raising the rates for everyone else. So again, prior to Healthcare Reform you will pay an increase. But as of 1/1/14,no rate increase - at least for the 1st year.

Why  Is  Dental  Care  Not  Covered  By  Medicare?
This is a great question, routine dental care is just not something that original Medicare covers right now, however you can recieve dental care from a medicare approved part C plan also known as Medicare Advantage plans as well as you may be able to enroll in a stand alone dental plan. You are welcome to contact our office for help if you are in one of the states that we are licensed in.

Where  Can  I  Get  Health  Insurance  In  Georgia?
Several carriers write major medical insurance in Georgia, including Aetna, Blue Cross, Humana, Cigna, Kaiser and United. Each carrier has their strong points and weaknesses. Some offer plans that do not cover brand Rx or will only cover generics and a few brand name drugs. Currently (2013) there are no plans that include maternity benefits, and no carriers that offer child only coverage. I suggest you talk to a local agent that is familiar with several carriers and can explain the benefit of each.

What  Does  Medicare  Voucher  System  Mean?
There is much discussion about the proposed Medicare voucher system, and most of it is erroneous. The proposed system is no different from the current way of making Medicare available to beneficiaries. When you currently enroll in Medicare you have the option of following the traditional system of a government managed plan or you can enroll in a private system (Medicare Advantage). If you choose the Advantage plan, dollars normally spent on your care through Medicare are paid to the insurance carrier issuing your coverage.

Does  Life  Insurance  Expire  At  A  Certain  Age?
Term life insurance has a time certain period according to the contract provision, i.e. 5, 10, 15, 20 or 30 years. Permanent life insurance can expire at a set age, by design, like life expectancy age 85 or at the maturity date, which can vary, i.e. age 100 to age 121.

Does  Life  Insurance  Cover  AD&D?
Life insurance does cover the AD of AD&D, which is accidental death. It does not cover the final D, which is dismemberment, unless there are living benefits built into the policy, or perhaps by virtue of a critical illness or disability income rider. Life insurance without living benefits only pays out the face amount upon death, although money can be borrowed from the cash accumulation within Whole Life or Universal Life,

What  Glucose  Meter  Is  Covered  By  Medicare?
Glucose meters (blood sugar monitors) are covered by Medicare Part B as a type of durable medical equipment (DME) that your doctor prescribes for use in the home. The company that makes the device is not going to change whether or not it's covered under Part B. Medicare Part B covers approximately 80% of the cost and you're responsible for the other 20%. A Medicare supplement (Medigap) plan can help pay your portion of the cost of the blood sugar monitor.

Who  Is  Western  National  Life  Insurance  Company?
If you want to know more about any particular insurance company, I recommend going to a resource that can give you independent information or ratings. For example, if you were buying a microwave, I would suggest Consumer Reports. You can research most insurance companies through AMBest.com, WeissRatings.com, or StandardandPoors.com. "I am a Farmers agent but my posts are my own and are not statements by or for Farmers."

How  Much  Is  Medicare  Per  Year?
If you are age 65 or over, Medicare Part A is usually free. Medicare Part B for most people is about $105 per month (as of 2014). It can be a little higher based on your income over the last 2 years. In addition to that you need to factor in the cost of a Medicare Supplement Plan and a Medicare Part D prescription drug plan. To get an idea of what Medicare Supplement plans would cost, you can compare plans on our website or give us a call at 1-888-407-8664.

How  Much  Is  A  Term  Life  Insurance  Policy?
The cost of Term Life Insurance varies according to the age, health, tobacco status, and gender of the person buying it. It also varies according to the face amount and length of the term. Generally speaking, the longer the term, the higher the premium. However, if someone gets a short term policy and then must find a new one, they may find that their health has deteriorated and they end up paying much higher premiums for the next policy. In that sense, sometimes buying a long term policy from the start can save the policy owner a lot of money.

Why  Was  Universal  Life  Insurance  Created?
I think it was created to solve some very real problems with life insurance at the time, which was in the 70s and 80s. Up to that point whole life insurance was the only permanent product available. This product can be expensive because of the strong guarantees it provides. Many people would be willing to pay less for weaker guarantees, and so that makes the product uncompetitive. Whole life is also a fixed premium product. Even if you have deviations in cash flow, you have to stick to the payment schedule in order to retain your coverage. That can be an obstacle for people who fund their premium out of business proceeds, which can go up and down. One of the best revisions to this product has been the recent inclusion of a lifetime guarantee. You can basically lock into rates for the rest of your life. It wont develop much cash, but it really solves the problem of paying the lowest premium on a guaranteed basis forever. In this way kind of functions as a permanent term insurance. Comparatively low rates, but no risk of renewing at a crazy-high rate.

How  Is  Medicare  Advantage  Affected  By  Obamacare?
Obamacare reduces funding for Medicare by more than $700 billion between now and 2020. This means Medicare beneficiaries will pay higher premiums, higher copay's and deductibles and more out of pocket. The reduced funding means fewer Medicare Advantage plans from fewer carriers. When you can find a plan expect it to cost more.

What  The  Best  Life  Insurance  Policy  To  Get?
The best life insurance policy to get is the one that will pay a death benefit when you die. If that isnt your concern, then it would be a policy that pays a death benefit should you die during a specified period of time. The best policy in the first case is a permanent policy with a guaranteed death benefit. In the second situation select a term policy that will cover the period of time that concerns you.

Who  Is  The  Insured  In  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
The Insured in the life insurance policy is the person whose life is being insured. If the Insured person would pass away, the policy would pay the death benefit to the person or persons named as the beneficiary. The Insured will often own his/her own policy, but the Insured and Owner can be two different people. The Owner gets to choose the beneficiary and make changes to the policy.

What  Is  Aetna  Medicare  Advantage  Plan?
This is a Medicare Advantage Plan offered by Aetna. Several companies offer Medicare Advantage Plans. Medicare Advantage Plans are compensated by Medicare to administer claims. They will pay instead of Medicare. As a result most Medicare Advantage Plans offer more benefits than Original Medicare. There is also far less out of pocket exposure. Medicare Advantage Plans, unlike Original Medicare, will have a network of doctors that you must utilize, similar to the networks under most group plans.

Can  You  Cancel  Car  Insurance  At  Any  Time?
Yes, but there may be consequences. Some carriers prorate, others short-rate (meaning there is a penalty) and I imagine there are some that don't refund at all. In addition, if you have a lienholder, your finance contract might have an insurance provision that requires you to purchase coverage for the vehicle OR they can "force place" coverage. This means that if you don't buy the coverage stated in the contract, they will purchase the coverage and charge you for it.

What  Does  Surrender  Value  Mean  On  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Great question! The surrender value is what the insurance company gives you in cash, if you "surrender" the policy to them. That dollar figure can be reduced by what is called a surrender charge, if done in the early years of policy ownership. Once you have surrendered the policy, you no longer have coverage. Some companies will allow partial surrenders, but in most cases, it may be more advantageous to take out a loan against the policy (and keep the coverage)instead. If you would like help, please feel free to contact me, I'm happy to be of assistance. Thanks for asking!

What  Should  Be  Included  In  Your  Retirement  Plan?
Each person's retirement plan is different. The makeup should be based on what defined pensions (if any) you have along with what other sources you are utilizing. Naturally, a matching 401K is a great foundation along with other diversified safe assets. A full-time financial planner or broker (not marketers, advertisers, media persons or unlicensed representatives) will offer some great ideas including what mutual funds (if any and why) should be used, annuities, bonds or other investment instruments.

Why  Would  You  Be  Turned  Down  For  Life  Insurance?
It really depends on the company, but there are a number of parameters that can prevent a person from qualifying for life insurance. There are a number of insurers for example that will insure people up the the age of 90... not very many, but there are a few. Most will not insure people over the age of 80 no matter how good their health is. The mortality tables just place them at the high end of risk for death and therefore not a good investment for the insurance company. Most health conditions are not complete blocks to getting insurance, but may well be rated and therefore require a higher premium. Most insurers will not insure a convicted felon until they have fulfilled their parole requirements. Even then some companies will not take the risk. If a person's occupation and or avocation is considered too high a risk, that may cause some insurance companies to decline issuing a policy.

Does  State  Farm  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Rental  Cars?
State Farm auto insurance policies will provide a substitute transportation benefit (rental cars) in the event of an accident or covered claim. You may have to add a rider to the policy to obtain that coverage. When you are driving that replacement vehicle, many of the benefits of your own State Farm vehicle transfer to the vehicle you are renting. Of course, you should always check with an experienced car insurance broker for specific information, and you wish, free quotes from multiple carriers.

Does  Medicare  Cover  CPAP  Machines?
Medicare will cover a three month trial for a Cpap machine for those on Medicare who are diagnosed with sleep apnea. It is covered under Medicare Part B. If the machine works to alleviate signs and symptoms of sleep apnea, Medicare may cover the Cpap machine rental for a longer period of time. Once you have rented the machine for 13 months, you own it.

Is  Whole  Life  Insurance  Ever  A  Good  Idea?
First you need to understand that there are a number of variations on Permanent or Whole Life Insurance. Universal, Indexed Universal, Variable Universal, and straight Whole Life are all "Permanent Life" insurance. That said, I would answer your question by saying that Whole Life Insurance is Always a good idea! From there it needs to be determined what you range of objectives are to determine which type will be best for you. As mentioned above Whole Life is Cash Value insurance that grows cash value tax free at a minimum guaranteed rate. The exceptions are the variable and universal varieties, which are subject to stock market variations and cost increases.

Does  Car  Insurance  Cover  Dwi?
If you mean does auto insurance pay for a claim when you had an accident and were charged with a DUI, the answer is yes. I have seen some companies however exclude paying a claim if the DUI was considered a felony. This is usually not the case and the claim is paid. I would say this is about the only silver lining of what comes to follow by a DUI.

How  Does  Life  Insurance  Affect  Taxes?
If you receive a life insurance death benefit as the result of being a beneficiary on a policy, you will not have to pay income tax on it, in most circumstances. If the Insured person also owned the policy, and the death benefit brought the value of the estate over the limit exempt from estate taxes ($5,250,000 in 2013), estate taxes may need to be paid.

What  Is  Bankers  Life  Insurance?
Bankers Life is not an insurance policy it is the name of a company. There are actually several companies that include Bankers Life as part of their name. Bankers Life and Casualty is the largest. There is also Bankers Fidelity and others but when people say Bankers Life they are usually referring to Bankers Life and Casualty.

Can  You  Get  Auto  Insurance  Without  Owning  A  Car?
Yes, you can purchase a non-owned auto coverage. This type of policy provides liability coverage for the insured for vehicles that they may drive but don't own. Rates for this type of policy will more than likely be higher than if the insured did own a vehicle. Contact a local agent to find out more about the availability and costs of a policy of this type.

Can  A  Minor  Be  A  Life  Insurance  Beneficiary?
Yes and they often are with young families. Many attorneys recommend declaring a financial steward or custodial trustee for the financial disbursements to minors. Sometimes a trust is the beneficiary on behalf of minor children. Interestingly, there is always a contingent beneficiary option in a life insurance application.

What  Is  CMFG  Life  Insurance?
CMFG Life Insurance goes by the marketing name, CUNA Mutual Group. CMFG Life Insurance Company's products go by the marketing brand, TruStage. TruStage life insurance policies are offered to credit union members as a benefit of membership in that credit union. They offer Term and Whole Life and Accidental Death policies.

Why  Do  Car  Insurance  Rates  Go  Up?
Your state insurance commissioner is charged with making sure that the auto insurers in your state pay claims. If the insurance company has higher claims than their premium income they must increase future premiums to cover anticipated future losses. The reason that these costs increase is obvious, increased cost of repair, frequency of accidents, and litigation. Your own record can make the company increase the rates on your car.

What  Is  Medicare  Plan  J?
Medicare Plan J is a plan that is no longer offered. The people who have Plan J can keep that plan the rest of their life if they want to. The current Plan F would be today's equivalent. For those people who have Plan J it is important to get a Medicare Supplement review to determine if they can get similar benefits for less money. The premiums on Plan J could increase over time because that plan is no longer taking on new customers. The only way for it to generate revenue is to increase the premium to cover increasing medical expenses on a aging block of business.

Can  I  Have  Medicare  And  HDHP?
Normally, once you go on Medicare you can no longer keep your HDHP (high deductible health plan) because you generally cannot have other health insurance along with an HDHP. However, Medicare Advantage plans allow for the creation of a Medicare Medical Savings Account (MSA). Like HSA's, MSA's are comprised o a HDHP along with the MSA. This HDHP is a Medicare Advantage Plan with a high annual deductible.

Why  Not  Buy  Whole  Life  Insurance?
You should buy whole life to cover those expenses which you anticipate you will owe or want to disburse regardless of when you die. The whole life policy lets you budget a premium that will not increase until the day of death. Nothing is left to chance as the company guarantees the adequacy of the premium, the amount of the death claim, and the length of time that the coverage will last.

How  Do  Medicare  Supplements  Work?
Medicare supplement plans are designed to dovetail into your original Medicare coverage. Medicare is primary, your supplement plan is secondary. Any Part A or Part B claim that Medicare approves is automatically covered by your Medigap carrier. Approved does not mean your carrier will pay the claim. Your plan may not pay some deductibles, or excess charges.

Can  You  Claim  Life  Insurance  As  A  Tax  Deduction?
Individuals cannot claim life insurance premiums on their tax returns, as they are not classified as a medical expense. Businesses that purchase group life insurance for their employees are usually able to deduct the premiums they paid for the plan as a business related expense, at least up to the first $50,000 their employees receive.

Can  I  Transfer  My  Car  Insurance  To  A  Rental  Car?
Most automobile policies extend coverage from a covered automobile to a rental. The terms and limits of your policy apply. In some cases state rules might mandate slightly different coverage in which case your policy will adjust. Rental companies offer coverage that allows you to report the damage and walk away. That could be an advantage.

Can  I  Get  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  If  I  Am  Pregnant?
My experience has been that it is possible to get life insurance during the first trimester, but that insurance agencies are reluctant to take an application for a woman in her second and third trimesters of pregnancy, in case of complications. But I am sure there are some companies that will cover women who are up to 6 months pregnant with a medically underwritten policy, especially if they have had previous event free pregnancies and have no pre-existing conditions. For those who are in the third trimester of pregnancy, there are No Exam policies you can get.

Is  Home  Insurance  Required  In  Vermont?
Home Insurance is not required in any State, a homeowner is free to self insure the risk thereby not paying premium for an insurance contract. If a homeowner decides to borrow money from a bank or other lending institution and offer the home as collateral for the loan, there most probably would be a contractual obligation to provide insurance naming the mortgagee on the insurance policy. There is a link providing an online format to obtain a quote and buy home insurance online in multiple States; may be used by Escrow/Closing Professionals, Mortgage Professionals, Real Estate Agents and directly by Consumers. An exemplary online experience for all! WEBSITELINK

Do  I  Need  Medigap  If  I  Have  Medicare  Advantage?
You are not allowed to have both a Medigap and Medicare Advantage plan. Even if you were, you don't need both. When you enroll in a Medicare Advantage plan you are essentially in a privatized Medicare plan. Your claims are handled by the insurance carrier. Claims are filed with the carrier, not Medicare. Any issues you have are handled by your carrier. If you have original Medicare, you should consider a Medigap plan to limit your out of pocket exposure. In this arrangement your provider files the claim for you with Medicare who adjudicates the claim then sends it on to your Medigap carrier.

When  Can  You  Borrow  From  Whole  Life  Insurance?
In Canada, you can borrow from your whole life policy as soon as there is a cash value in the policy. If you pay the annual premium that could be day 2 of the policy. Important to remember that if the amount borrowed exceed the adjusted cost base of the policy it with trigger a taxable policy gain. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me. If you would like to work with a local life insurance broker, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: life insurance broker Halifax or life insurance agent Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find a life insurance broker in your community.

How  Much  Renters  Insurance  Should  You  Buy?
There are two major divisions of coverage. The attention is normally focused on the personal property coverage, however the liability protection may be much more important. Select a policy that provides $300-500,000 in liablity coverage. This is where you could experience a major loss. The property portion should reflect the cost of actually replacing the contents of your rented home or apartment, should they be lost through a covered peril.

What  Is  A  Good  Rate  For  Term  Life  Insurance?
A good rate for term life insurance depends on length of the term and how the carrier views your personal health. Each carrier has a different appetite for various risks when it comes to issuing life insurance. It's tough to know exactly who will be best for a given circumstances of medical history, but any good agent should be able to easily match you up with the appropriate company to give you the best rate. There are also online resources that you can use to analyze your health and try to determine which companies are best suited for you, but caution should be used in this approach as there may be certain vernacular that is difficult for a layperson to navigate.

What  Is  Key  Employee  Life  Insurance?
Lets suppose you own a business. Obviously you cant do everything yourself, so you need to hire people with special skills. Collectively you can get to where you want to go. The people with special skills might include a high-ranking executive. Might also include a highly skilled technician. Perhaps a top salesman. All these people play roles that are key to the operation. And you, as the entrepreneur of the enterprise, are very much a key person too. This is not to say that people who are not key do not bring value to the company and are not important. If all the business needed was key people, why would you hire anybody else? But key people are the ones whose loss would create the biggest problems. Sales could go down. Vendors might not get paid. Clients might get nervous about orders being filled. Banks might think twice about lending money. You need to protect your business against the loss of these people. If any or all of them disappeared tomorrow, you need to be sure that your business can go full speed ahead. Employees, clients, prospects, vendors, lenders, investors, and everyone else related to your business, need to be reassured that business will take place as usual. And that takes money. If you have the exact amount of money you need exactly when you need it, then you could tell people to not worry. Orders will get filled. Bills will get paid. You can take the time needed to find the right replacement. And you dont want to have to set up an investment program to cover these people. Nor do you want to have to borrow the money. You want this coverage to come as cheaply as possible without any hoops to jump through. That is what life insurance does when it is purchased for key person coverage.

Can  I  Buy  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  On  My  Brother?
Great question! Insurance companies will only write a policy when it can be demonstrated that there will be a loss to you, should the insured pass away. So you couldn't write a policy on the guy you met at the office, unless you could prove that you would lose income or assets if he were to pass away. The same would apply to your brother. Unless you can prove a monetary loss, it might be really hard to find a company that will issue a policy. The best way to do it? Like Ms. Mace suggests, have your brother get his own policy, and you make the payments for it. If you need help doing that, please feel free to contact me, I'm glad to help. Thanks for asking!

Is  Renters  Insurance  Legally  Required?
Under an individual lease or rental agreement it could be required by the landlord which would make it legally required. As of today and to the best of my knowledge there are not any state or federal regulations on the books or in the works that require a person to renters insurance. Always contact a local agent to find out more about the requirements within your geographic location.

How  Can  I  Find  Out  If  Someone  Has  Auto  Insurance?
It used to be easy but with privacy protection laws in-force, it now takes some work. Without knowing the reason why you want the information, bear in mind that you will need to demonstrate a legal need for it. You can check with the local police department but you will most probably have to file a police report and provide a solid and legal reason for needing to know about another's insurance situation. You might also check with your State motor vehicle administration but again, your request will not be honored unless you can provide a reason for your request that is in compliance with the laws.

Will  My  Health  Insurance  Cover  Gastric  Bypass?
Gastric bypass and other forms of bariatric surgery intended to promote weight loss may be covered by your health insurance plan. Those who are morbidly obese and have tried other forms of weight loss without success may be approved for gastric bypass. Your doctor must document your condition and history and certify that you are healthy enough to survive surgery.

What  are  my  options  if  insurance  carrier  refuses  to  add  my  teen  daughter  to  family  auto  policy?
Actually, at least here in Connecticut, only licensed drivers need to be added to your policy. Your daughter just has her learners' permit so as such is not yet a licensed driver. I happen to represent Nationwide and our auto policy automatically covers our clients and their children as they are learning to drive the family car(s). I think that perhaps your agent just needs to check the terms and conditions of your particular policy. You did the right thing by being proactive and advising your agent that she is learning to drive.

What  Is  Disability  Insurance  Elimination  Period?
The Disability Insurance elimination period is the time between becoming disabled and receiving your Disability Insurance payments. The longer the elimination period, the lower the Disability Insurance premium usually is, so many people choose an elimination period of 90 days for Long Term Disability Insurance. That means that you would have to have been unable to work for 90 consecutive days before your Disability payments would start being paid to you.

Are  Life  Insurance  Proceeds  Protected  From  Creditors  In  Indiana?
When a beneficiary in Indiana collects the death benefit from a life insurance policy upon the death of the insured person, the life insurance proceeds are protected from creditors in Indiana. Creditors could go after the life insurance proceeds if the beneficiary was a co-signer to the debts of the Insured. They could also collect on the life insurance money if the beneficiary was left to the estate.

What  Is  The  Penalty  For  Driving  Without  Car  Insurance  In  Kentucky?
The penalty is $500 or more plus court costs for a first-time offence. Court costs are often between $150 and $200 dollars. In addition to the fines for driving without insurance, the state of Kentucky can cancel your car registration if you do not have insurance. Insurance companies provide a list of insured drivers to the state. If the state does not receive notification that you have insurance for 60 days, they will send a notice to provide evidence of coverage. If you do not provide evidence of coverage within 30 days, your auto registration may be canceled.

How  Does  Cancer  Insurance  Work?
Cancer insurance is used to help pay for non-covered and out of pocket items under your major medical plan. These things will include your deductibles and copay, as well as some treatment disallowed under major medical. Some cancer plans are reimbursement policies while others pay a lump sum cash benefit on first diagnosis.

How  Much  Is  Individual  Health  Insurance?
How much a specific individual should be paying for health insurance is a hard figure to try and quantify. The average cost in the country for a health insurance plan is $328 per month - however, this is only reflective upon a silver level plan (not all 2014 state figure averages are available yet).While you can try to come up with an "average" cost, there's too many factors that go into premium pricing to say how in relation that compares to you. In short, an "average" premium is a rather useless figure to the individual. It's only representative to a large group - you could have people paying a small nominal amount (after factoring in subsidies) per month to several thousand dollars per month. Even for that there's a ton of information to sift through to get an accurate representation. Under the Affordable Care Act, you have the options for bronze, silver, gold, and platinum level plans (as you go up in metal, the price goes up, but provides better benefits) - some areas also have a catastrophic plan available. In addition, your age is a big factor as well. The younger you are, the cheaper your premium - the older you are, the higher your premium. Also, if you use tobacco products, your premium can be increased up to 50% as well. You may be able to qualify for a subsidy that can be used to reduce the cost of your health insurance premiums. I always recommend consulting with an experienced broker. We can help you determine the plan that's going to be most suitable for your needs and budget. Please feel free to contact me for further assistance. Thanks very much.

What  Should  Renters  Insurance  Include?
Renters insurance includes contents coverage in stated amounts, personal liability coverage in stated amounts, loss of use coverage in stated amounts and medical payments for accidents inside the covered dwelling in stated amounts. Renters insurance is basically coverage for everything but the dwelling which the building owner or apartment owner is responsible for. Keith Prim - Dallas, TX 214-435-0791

What  Is  The  Federal  Employee  Retirement  Plan?
The is the federal employees retirement system for federal government employees. Most of these plans are defined benefit retirement plans, but some offer defined contribution plans, which are becoming more popular. Federal pensions are under current scrutiny.

What  Type  Of  Hospital  Bed  Will  Medicare  Pay  For?
Guidelines for what type of bed Medicare will pay for varies by state. In all states, Medicare will not pay for the cost of a fully electric bed. However, Medicare will pay for the cost of a semi-electric bed when there is a medical necessity for that type of bed. You can then pay for the difference so that you can purchase a fully electric bed, if desired.

What  Does  The  Medicare  Suffix  T  Mean?
The Medicare suffix T means that the person is entitled to Medicare Part A but not to retirement and survivor's or Railroad Retirement insurance. It also applies to those who are entitled to receive Part A for having end stage renal disease.

How  To  Claim  On  Renters  Insurance?
If you are sued call your insurance company immediately. Your policy probably has a toll-free number for the claims office. If you suffer damage to your property you might want to discuss the claim with your agent before filing a claim. Sometimes the recovery will be insignificant after payment of the deductible. If you file the claim you could be charged a point which would raise subsequent premiums. It is just good to talk that through before notifying the claims department.

Does  Owning  A  Trampoline  Affect  Homeowners  Insurance?
For most insurance companies, presence of a trampoline is a cause for the company to decline the home. If a trampoline is detected on the property after the policy is issued, the policy will likely not be renewed.

How  Long  Does  Cobra  Health  Insurance  Last?
COBRA beneficiaries generally are eligible for coverage a maximum of 18 months. There are certain qualifying events that could extend the coverage. If the beneficiary stops paying the premium or if the employer stops providing the group health insurance the coverage could end earlier. Some plans offer a conversion from the COBRA plan to an individual plan at the end of the COBRA period.

What  Is  The  Purpose  Of  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
A life insurance policy creates an immediate estate upon your death. Whether it is to replace lost income, pay off a mortgage, pay debt or other financial reasons, life insurance has many purposes. An experienced full-time broker or financial planner (not part-timers, radio-tv or unrelated worker) is your best resource to help you determine which type of policy to buy and where to purchase it.

How  To  Claim  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Each insurance company has there own process however they are similar to each other. You will have to ask for a claim request form. A local agent should be able to help. You will also need the death certificate showing cause of death. Once verified, the insurance company should release the death benefit within a few days. Be sure to follow up through the process.

What  Does  An  Auto  Insurance  Deductible  Mean?
It is the portion of the damage that you are responsible to pay for in the event of a claim. A good example is if you have a $1000 deductible and have damages for $10,000, you would receive $9000 as the $1000 deductible is what you are responsible for. Hope this helps you.

Can  You  Buy  Short  Term  Disability  Insurance?
Yes, you can buy short term disability insurance. There are less than a handful of companies that sell it as an individual policy, that I know of. It is much easier to get short term disability insurance through a group. On the other hand, it is not difficult to find individual long term disability coverage, and most people can buy long term disability insurance at a reasonable price.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  For  My  Parents?
You can get a small amount of life insurance for your parents for final expense needs. If you want a larger amount, you would need to show that you share a financial relationship with them, and would suffer financially from their deaths. E.g. If you live with them or they live with you.

How  To  Compare  Home  Insurance?
The traditional way to compare home policies is to take the declarations page to another agent and ask for a comparison. You might want to do that with several agents. There are some websites that purport to compare coverages and prices. The issue isnt which company has the lowest premium but which policy provides the coverage that you require. If you paid less and the company failed to cover a loss you would have made quite a poor investment. It is better to know what coverages are available and get advice on which are appropriate. I live in an arid part of the USA. However, one of the largest floods in history took place right here. I might want flood insurance even if I am miles from a stream. This and other coverages might come to bear and evaluating the risk is what your agent can help you do. If you have a policy and in twenty years pay $200 more than some other company, if you have the right coverages because an agent went over the policy carefully with you, you are the winner, not the loser. Good coverage means a good nights sleep!

How  To  Cancel  Travelers  Renters  Insurance?
In order to cancel Travelers renters insurance policy you would either contact your Travelers agent or Travelers directly to notify them of your request to cancel your renters policy. Most likely you will be asked to provide a letter in writing that is dated and signed to process the cancellation request.

Does  Term  Life  Insurance  Have  Cash  Value?
There are term policies that accumulate cash value. Most do not. Those that do accumulate cash value do so to provide an end of term cushion or incentive. The product with which I am most familiar uses the accumulated cash value to offset the steep increase in premiums for the years following completion of the term. This could be valuable if the insureds life expectancy is short and the need for insurance remains.

What  Is  Renters  Insurance  Good  For?
Having renters insurance can help protect the insured and the insured's immediate family residing in the covered premise from financial hardship caused by a covered loss. What happens if there is a fire in the premise that you are renting and it becomes unlivable. You have not only lost your personal property but you also need to find another place to live. Typically renters insurance will provide coverage for your personal items up to the policy limits less your deductible and money to pay rent for a period of time at another residence. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

What  Is  Guaranteed  Cash  Value  For  Life  Insurance?
The guaranteed cash value in a life insurance policy is a byproduct of levelized premium. The risk of dying increases as you get older and when you pay a level premium the insurance company sets aside some of the premium to offset the risk as you get older. The guaranteed cash value is this reserve. If you have further questions please do not hesitate to contact me.

Who  Has  The  Best  Health  Insurance  In  Ohio?
The best health insurance in Ohio is typically provided by one of the major companies in the state. These carriers are Anthem Blue Cross, UnitedHealthcare, Aetna, Medical Mutual or Humana. SummaCare offers policies in the Northern portion of the state. Healthspan (formerly Kaiser) is also available on the Exchanges. So how do you get the best health insurance prices in Ohio? Perhaps I'm a bit biased, since I'm an experienced broker located here in Ohio with one of the premier websites. www.ohioquotes.com will help you easily enroll and find the best rates on the Exchange Marketplace. Of course, the key to getting the best rates from top companies is to have an expert shop and compare for you, help with calculating your federal subsidy (if you qualify) and helping with enrollment to the Ohio Health Exchange. Healthcare has significantly changed in the last few years with the passage of The Affordable Care Act. Policies are different and benefits have been revamped. It's worth your time to utilize a broker to help you properly calculate the federal subsidy and determine the best available plans.

Does  My  Father  Have  Life  Insurance?
That's a hard question to answer. I would recommend you review any old paperwork he has on file. Look for any bank drafts with various companies on his bank statement. Also consider calling his home/auto insurance provider and see if they knew of any policies in force. There is no centralized database of people with life insurance. This is a great reason why you want to have folder will all your policies and info for those you leave behind.

What  Happens  When  You  Cancel  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
When you cancel a life insurance policy, you no longer have life insurance. If you have a permanent policy and cancel the policy during the first years of the policy, a surrender charge will be deducted from the cash value you receive, and you most likely will not receive any cash value at all. However, you will not owe money to pay the surrender charge. Term life insurance does not have any surrender charges because there is no cash value.

Can  I  Add  My  Mother  To  My  Health  Insurance?
You would typically not add your mother to your health insurance plan - additions are generally limited to spouse and children. There is not a savings in premium, so you're not missing anything there. I understand you might be trying to include her in a family deductible, but if you fill out an application, you'll notice that there is not a spot where you could enter "mother".

What  License  Do  I  Need  To  Sell  Annuities?
The license you need to sell annuities depends on the type of annuity you intend to sell. For fixed and indexed annuities you need a regular life insurance license. For variable annuities you will need a securities license, specifically a FINRA series 6 license. A FINRA series 7 license will also work.

What  Is  Covered  With  Critical  Illness  Insurance?
What is covered with critical illness insurance is spelled out in each policy, and differs from company to company. The basic critical illnesses are stroke, heart attack and some types of cancer. The cancer is usually the more serious kind, although some policies will pay a partial benefit for milder types of cancer. Some other critical illnesses that may be covered are organ transplant, Parkinson's, Alzheimer's, kidney failure, coronary bypass, blindness, deafness, or paralysis.

What  Happens  When  My  Term  Life  Insurance  Ends?
Unless your policy is renewable (at a higher premium) or convertible to a permanent plan, your term insurance ceases to exist. Any monies paid in is pure cost. There are some term plans that offer Return of Premium riders at an extra cost. Unless you die during the term period there is no equity in a term policy.

Is  Voluntary  Long  Term  Disability  Insurance  Worth  It?
Voluntary Long Term Disability Insurance can be a great thing depending upon your situation. If you were unable to work, starting today, for the next two years, what effect would that have on your life? Would you be able to come up with enough funds to pay your current bills? What about medical bills for the condition keeping you out of work? Next consider the effect compared to the price of the insurance that is being offered to you. If you can't afford the premiums or feel the benefit you may receive from them doesn't outweigh the money spent towards it, then, no, it's not worth it. Otherwise, yes, you should consider picking up the insurance. A licensed agent can help you determine the value in your specific case.

Does  my  sister  get  the  insurance  policy  that  I  carry  on  my  mom  when  she  passes?
If you are talking about a life insurance policy that you are carrying on your mother; the policy would typically pay the named beneficiary on the policy and the policy would no longer be active. To have your question answered more fully either contact the carrier of the policy in question or your local agent.

Does  Health  Insurance  Actually  Make  People  Healthier?
Health insurance itself does not make anyone healthier or sicker. Removing or reducing the financial barriers to accessing healthcare that health insurance makes possible helps create an environment where preventive care is encouraged and health problems may be detected at earlier more manageable stages. Past statistics showed a correlation between having health insurance and better health. However, those statistics come from the era when underwriting of health insurance for risk was allowed and individuals could be declined for coverage for pre-existing conditions. Starting in 2014 such practices are no longer allowed in the fully insured health insurance marketplaces and so a totally different risk pool is being created and we are essentially working on the assumption that expanding access to care will correlate with improved health care outcomes. As health care reform is easing access for some segments of our population that may have been on the outside looking in in the past, it is also raising premium costs and out-of-pocket expenses to levels that are either forcing some previously insured persons out of insurance coverage or significantly raising the out-of-pocket expenses they must incur before their coverage kicks in which may deter some people from seeking needed treatment. For this reason the jury will be out for some time as to whether our current health insurance reform efforts will yield improved health for the general population. A person can have the best health insurance possible but if the individual does not take responsibility for managing their health (smoking cessation, weight management, exercise, etc.) their overall health status is unlikely to improve.

How  Do  I  Calculate  How  Much  Life  Insurance  I  Need?
The conventional approach is to go through a "needs analysis". This method attempts to determine the minimum acceptable amount of coverage you "need" in order to meet your stated objectives, such as final expenses, college costs, mortgage payoff, emergency fund, etc. It is a math calculation based on your estimate of variables such as inflation, taxes, and rate of return. A more meaningful approach is to simply decide how much of your income you want to continue to your family when you die and for how long. After all, it's your income that ultimately pays for all the individual items mentioned above. Then, an amount of coverage can be calculated based on the same assumptions as in the needs analysis.

Can  Life  Insurance  Proceeds  Be  Paid  To  A  Minor?
When life insurance proceeds are paid to a minor, it is usually required to have a financial guardian to oversee the distribution of funds to the child until they reach age 18 or age 21, depending on the state of residence. This can be done ahead of time through a trust.

What  Is  A  Target  Premium  On  A  Universal  Life  Insurance  Policy?
When you buy universal life insurance, you have the choice to put in a higher premium than is required for your policy to last to a certain age. If you add more premium, your cash value may build more quickly, or your universal life policy may last more years. The target premium is usually the required premium for the policy to last a set number of years.

How  To  Offer  Health  Insurance  To  Employees?
Group health insurance quotes are based on the size of your business, the industrys SIC code, age of employees, and average employee health (except in Maryland, which requires no medical underwriting). There are no instant online quotes for group health insurance for these reasons. You can secure the quotes and buy the plan through an independent agent. Given the complexities and the number of moving parts involved in group coverage, you want to work with someone who has a strong background in group coverage.

What  Does  Supplemental  Life  Insurance  Mean?
Supplemental Life Insurance is group life insurance offered to employees above and beyond what they receive as part of their company benefits. It is usually paid for by the employee. Supplemental Life Insurance may not be portable, i.e., it may not be able to be taken with you when you leave your job. So while looking at purchasing supplemental life insurance through your employer, you might also look at purchasing some individual life insurance that you know you can hang onto for the rest of your life.

Can  I  Sue  My  Auto  Insurance  Company?
I am not an attorney, so this should NOT be construed as legal advice, however, my belief is that it would depend on why you are considering suing them. There is normally a requirement in a policy that claims issues be resolved through an arbitration process between you and your insurance company. However, if you have been wronged in some other way, it is certainly possible. It is normally much less expensive to start with your state department of insurance. They are a consumer advocate and should help you make sure your rights are protected.

Does  The  Military  Have  A  Retirement  Plan?
The Military does offer three retirement plans. The one that you would receive is based on your DIEMS (Date of Entry Into Military Service). They are called Final Pay, High-3, and REDUX. Benefits are calculated based on your number of years in service, the year you will retire, basic monthly pay received, a multiplier, and cost of living factor.

Who  Offers  The  Best  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
It's difficult to say that one company is "the best". There are definitely factors you can look at such as rating, who has the biggest market share, etc. Since LTC has many options to choose from, I suggest also looking at the carrier's options. For example, some companies offer a "Shared Care" benefit, whereby you can use your partner's benefit when yours are exhausted.

When  Is  Disability  Insurance  Worth  It?
when is disability insurance worth it? When you have something to lose. Insurance of any type is simply protection from loss. If you have passive income at a level high enough to maintain the lifestyle you want, then no, probably disability insurance is not for you. However, if your lifestyle depends on your income, and you have nothing without your income, wouldn't insuring your paycheck be a good idea?

Can  You  Drop  A  Dependent  From  My  Health  Insurance?
You can easily drop a dependent from your exiting policy by contacting the carrier and requesting they come off. You should however have a back up plan to keep the dependent insured without a gap in coverage. With different family dynamics, it's common to drop one child off of a plan for various reasons.

Does  Medicare  Plan  AB  Pay  For  Total  Knee  Replacement  In  2014?
Most likely yes, but a lot of it depends on medical necessity, services needed in combination with the surgery itself, post-op care, and other factors. The cost of the care will also depend on whether it's an inpatient or outpatient procedure, the percentage of cost Medicare will cover, etc. I would make sure to have a Medigap plan in place to cover the costs that Medicare doesn't pay for (e.g. if Medicare covers 80% of the expenses, the plan would cover the other 20% if it's a plan F or G - that 20% can be a very high dollar figure if you paid it yourself). I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your Medigap plan and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Air  Conditioners?
An air conditioner would not be covered under a regular renters insurance policy under normal circumstances. If the air conditioner was damaged due to a covered loss then the damage may be covered less your deductible. Read your policy completely to know what coverage is provided and what exclusions there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

How  Much  Is  Health  Insurance  For  A  Married  Couple?
Individual health insurance, per the requirements of the Affordable Care Act after January 1, 2014, is sold on a community rated basis. This is a much different method than has been used by the majority of states and so while it would have been difficult to answer your question in the past it's virtually impossible now. You are simply going to have to get some quotes. Factors such as your state of residence (and where you reside within a state), your and any covered dependents dates of birth, the number of covered dependents under 21 and the number over age 21, the tobacco use status of you and/or any covered dependents, are all factors applied when calculating an individual health insurance rate. Obviously, these factors are unique for each person's situation, that's why no one can just say "it will be $500 per month". You can do some online searches, you can go to the websites of health insurance carriers, you can even go to Healthcare.gov to get some ideas of what different plans, from different carriers, with different provider networks, and vastly differing rules will cost you and cover. And you may figure out correctly if you would qualify for any subsidy in the government marketplaces. Or, you can look health up a qualified health insurance broker, tell them your information and what you are looking for in general terms and they will do all the work for you, explain the subtle and not-so-subtle differences between different individual health insurance carriers, and help you make an informed decision. All for the same price as doing it yourself. For help please feel free to visit my web site.

When  To  Drop  Universal  Life  Insurance?
If your universal life insurance policy is using the cash value of the policy to supplement what you are paying in premium each month, just to keep it in effect, you will need to decide whether to keep or drop your policy. One of the factors to consider in making that decision is how much longer you need life insurance coverage. You can ask for an illustration to see how much longer your policy will stay in effect while staying on that same path. You also must consider how much you are willing to pay to make it last longer. You can also get an illustration asking how much more premium you would need to pay to make it last "x" number of years. Generally speaking, if you need the policy for many more years, and if you are able to qualify for a new policy, it may be in your best interest to take the cash value that you have and apply it toward a new Universal Life with a no lapse guarantee. If you don't need the policy for many more years, it may be best to keep it. Contact a respected agent to help you see your options and make a sound decision about whether or not to drop your universal life policy.

Will  Health  Insurance  Pay  For  Wisdom  Teeth  Removal?
That is a great question! Hopefully you have a dental policy? That's what normally would cover this. But your health insurance may cover some of it, depending upon the reason for needing them removed. Normal decay probably isn't going to be covered if you don't have dental, I'm afraid. Contact your HR person, or plan administrator and ask to be certain. Thanks for asking!

Can  Diabetics  Get  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Diabetics can get Long Term Care Insurance under some conditions. They key for people with diabetes to getting Long Term Care Insurance, Disability Insurance, or Life Insurance is diabetic CONTROL. If you have a history of A1C under 8 and no side effects from your diabetes, getting a traditional long term care policy is possible. However, some LTC policies do exclude the use of insulin, regardless of control.

Will  Medicare  Pay  For  A  Psychologist?
Outpatient Mental Health Care is a covered benefit under Medicare Part B. There is a 20% co-insurance for most outpatient mental health services. If you are a member of a Medicare Advantage Plan, you plan may cover that service with a simple co-pay. You have the option to have a individual therapy visit or group therapy visit.

Can  You  Apply  For  A  Medicare  Card  Online?
You can sign up for Medicare by going to the social security website, ssa.gov, and go to Medicare under the benefits tab. From there, there will be instructions provided to guide you through the sign-up process on the website. You can also go down to your local social security administration office as well.

What  Qualifications  Does  Someone  Have  To  Meet  To  Receive  Disability  Coverage?
The basic rule of thumb to qualify for a disability benefit has more to do with your physician than the disability insurance company. A licensed medical physician must diagnosis you with an injury or illness so severe that you cannot perform the duties of your current occupation. At that point the clock is running on the disability claim and once the elimination period is satisfied, benefits are paid.

Can  You  Get  Life  Insurance  If  You're  Pregnant?
When you are pregnant, some life insurance companies will postpone taking your application until after your baby is born. Some will let you get a policy while in your first or second trimester. If you fit the weight guidelines, there are simplified issue policies that can be obtained into the third trimester of pregnancy.

What  Health  Insurance  Covers  Artificial  Insemination?
Most health insurance plans will not cover artificial insemination, or any other infertility treatment. These procedures are considered elective. Sixteen states have mandates requiring plans to cover certain infertility treatments. Each state law is different. The laws primarily apply to group health plans issued in the state. If your employer is headquartered in a mandate state that includes artificial insemination, there is a possibility AI is covered.

Is  Critical  Illness  Insurance  Worthwhile?
Critical Illness policies can be looked at 2 different ways. One as long as you purchase a Critical Illness that covers 10 or more afflictions at a reasonable price that cannot be cancelled before age 65, that can be good. Second, its category of insurance sales is among the lowest. Even though 67% of Americans will be diagnosed with a critical illness and survive it, very few own this type of policy.

At  What  Age  Does  Life  Insurance  Go  Up?
There are some life insurance policies that go up when your age hits 5 years increments. After paying these increases a few times, you could find yourself unable to afford the premium at a time when you are most likely to need the coverage. Term life insurance usually (but not always) guarantees that the premium will stay up for a set number of years, then often jumps up in price drastically and goes up every year after that. Whole Life and Guaranteed Universal Life with a no lapse guarantee will not go up in price as long as premiums are paid in a timely manner and the policy is maintained properly. As you can see, it is very important to know the terms of each policy before you purchase it.

What  Is  Life  Insurance  Cash  Surrender  Value?
The two main types of insurance that have cash value are commonly universal life and whole life insurance policies. These types of permanent life insurance policies build cash value by over funding premiums. These types of policies have many perks and riders. If you were to cancel or "cash out" this policy type the amount of money you would receive is known as cash surrender value. The gains on this cash is taxed as ordinary income. If you were to leave the policy in force and simply borrow the cash, those funds can be used income tax free. I would advise speaking to your agent or carrier about all of your options before cashing out.

Why  Does  Life  Insurance  Cost  So  Much  In  Nevada?
If you find that the price for life insurance is high in Nevada, it may be because you are older, have a health condition, or are locking in the premium for a long period of time (such as happens with longer terms or permanent insurance). It could also be that you are just hearing one quote and could benefit by shopping more companies. You can do that by visiting a website that offers instant quotes for life insurance in Nevada. There you will find the most competitive rates from a number of companies, for someone your age and health.

Why  Should  You  Have  Health  Insurance?
The purpose of health insurance is to protect yourself financially in the event of a catastrophic event by shifting the risk to a third party (the insurance company). This way you're only paying a small amount of money and not stuck with a bill for 10s of thousands of dollars, if not 100s of thousands of dollars. Would you rather pay a small amount of the bill or take on the risk of paying the entire thing yourself? For example, if you have a health insurance plan and broke your leg and needed to have a $100,000surgicaloperation, you may only be responsible for a few thousand dollars of it (e.g. yourdeductible or coinsurance), as opposed to being responsible for paying the entire bill yourself. How many people could afford to write a check for that amount without liquidating all of their assets? Many health plans will provide additional benefits as well, such as coverage for preventive care, routine doctor visits, prescription drugs, etc. I always recommend people consult with an experienced broker - we have an in-depth knowledge of a wide range of products available in the marketplace and can help you find the health plan that's going to be most suitable to your needs and your budget. Please let me know if I can be of assistance. Thanks very much.

How  Much  Is  A  Medicare  Levy  Surcharge?
If you are a senior with a high income you will pay a surcharge in addition to your Medicare Part B premium. The penalty you pay varies depending on your income from two years prior. In 2013 your total Part B premium could range from $147 to $386 monthly.

How  Much  Does  Life  Insurance  Typically  Cost?
The best way to see what life insurance would typically cost for you is to go to a website that offers instant life insurance quotes, and experiment with different face amounts and term lengths. Typically, most people do not qualify for the best rate class, and and you will be seeing the most competitive rates in the industry. But it will give you an idea.

Can  I  Add  My  Father  To  My  Health  Insurance?
You wouldn't be able to add a parent to your health insurance plan because there are only certain dependents that are allowed to be added to your health plan - your spouse and your children/step-children. Since you can no longer be declined for health insurance due to a pre-existing condition or other health-related issue, your parents would be able to secure their own health insurance coverage. They may have group health insurance available through their employer if they're still working. If they're 65 or older, they would have Medicare as an option as well. I hope that helps answer your question. Please feel free to contact me for further assistance. Thanks very much.

How  Does  Social  Security  Fit  In  A  Retirement  Plan?
Social Security is the only retirement plan for many Americans. The federal program is also a main stay supplemental retirement plan for other Americans who participate in employer or individual plans. When qualified plans distribute income it is taxed as ordinary income at the plan participant's effective tax bracket rate and is includable in the provisional income test for Social Security benefit taxation.

How  Do  Life  Insurance  Companies  Test  For  Smoking?
When applying for a policy that uses medical underwriting, most life insurance companies test for smoking through both a urine test and a blood test on samples collected during the life insurance exam. If you are purchasing a policy that does not require taking an exam, neither of these tests are done.

Is  My  Bike  Covered  Under  Renters  Insurance?
Your bicycle is normally classified as personal property and covered under your renters policy. This would be particularly true if it is stolen from inside your residence. However, 10% of the limit of your policy extends to your personal property when it is not in your residence, for example in a bike rack in front of Starbucks. The settlement for such a loss is, however, subject to a deductible. If your bicycle is very expensive this could be a valuable coverage, if it is like mine, you might not recover very much.

Will  I  Get  A  Refund  If  I  Cancel  My  Car  Insurance?
While of the "unearned" premium should be returned when you cancel your car insurance, it would be important to know why you are cancelling your car insurance.If there are no other cars in your household and you are not considered an insured on another comparable auto insurance policy, you may wish to consider "Non-owned Auto" coverage. This type of policy covers you for liability and physical damage while you are operating a car you do not own (borrowed, rented,etc.) and may provide uninsured/underinsured coverage to you when you are a pedestrian or riding in someone else's vehicle. Not owning a car does not mean you no longer have an auto related exposure .

Who  Has  The  Cheapest  Term  Life  Insurance?
No one single insurance company offers the cheapest term life insurance to everyone. Every carrier has their own underwriting guidelines so the carrier that's best for you may not be the best for someone else. There are 4 main factors that determine the premium that you pay for your life insurance policy - your age, the face amount of the coverage, how long it's guaranteed for (term vs. permanent), and the risk classification a carrier will offer you. The risk classification is the MOST important factor in evaluating which insurance company will offer you the lowest rates for a term life insurance policy.The company will look at your personal medical history, smoker status, height/weight profile, results of the medical exam (if applying for a policy requiring it - no exam policies typically cost more), your family medical history (e.g. cancer or heart disease before age 60 in the immediate family), motor vehicle record, and any hazardous activities you may participate in (such as aviation, scuba diving, drag racing, etc). Non-medical policies generally cost more than fully underwritten policies that require an exam because an insurance company is taking on more risk without having a full medical picture of you. It's best to consult with an experienced life insurance broker who can shop your case among multiple carriers to see who will offer you the most favorable risk classification for your program. Please feel free to contact me for help or if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Does  Medicare  Part  A  Cover  Prescription  Drugs?
No, Medicare Part A does not cover prescription drugs unless they are part of inpatient treatment in a hospital or skilled nursing care facility. A limited number of outpatient prescription drugs are covered by Medicare Part B, and most prescribed drugs are covered by Medicare Part D. A Medicare Advantage Plan (Part C) also includes prescription drug coverage.

How  Does  Life  Insurance  Work  If  I  Die?
When you die, the life insurance benefit is paid to your beneficiary in a lump sum, or in installments. You can talk that over with your beneficiary now and decide which is best, or your beneficiary can wait to see what method of receiving the death benefit is most cost effective at the time of death. The proceeds are generally income tax exempt and can be spent however your beneficiary wishes.

Who  To  Buy  Renters  Insurance  From?
Buy an insurance policy from an agent that you trust. Ask your friends, neighbors and colleagues for recommendation. Listen carefully to the recommendations of the agent. Makes sure the agent records the information that you provide and then transmits that to the company. Make sure that the policy is exactly what you ordered. Although the initial premium is important the acid test will be the limits of the policy when a claim arises. You can skimp on coverage now and wake up with a terribly headache when you experience a major claim.

Who  Owns  New  York  Life  Insurance?
New York Life Insurance is a highly rated mutual life insurance company that is owned by their policy holders. During a period of demutualization, New York life considered moving to a stock company and would have been obligated to their shareholders. Their blue chip balance sheet is a leading example of financial strength and claims paying ability among carriers as well as to their policy holders.

What  Does  The  Letter  On  My  Medicare  Card  Mean?
The letter on your Medicare card signifies the category that is qualifying you to receive Social Security benefits. The letters are a code to let Medicare know if you qualified for your benefits based on your own work history and taxes, whether you are eligible due to Medicare because you were disabled, or a number of other reasons.

How  Much  Does  A  Claim  Affect  Car  Insurance?
It depends on the amount of the claim, the type of claim, and your driving record. A minor glass claim generally will not have a big impact. An at fault accident with bodily injury could have a larger effect, especially if alcohol is involved. There is no way to answer this question definitively.

How  Much  Auto  Insurance  Is  Required  In  Iowa?
You are required to hold minimum limits of 20/40/15. This is bodily injury of $20,000 per person maximum with a $40,000 accident maximum coverage. The 15 is $15,000 in property damage caused in any one accident. These are the absolute MINIMUM limits and should not be taken as being enough coverage for your situation. Talk to an agent to determine how much coverage may be right for you. You may also purchase a bond assigned to the state and avoid the premium on auto insurance. Often times, auto insurance is cheaper than the annual bond premium. Trevor Toft State Bank Agency 7122754512

How  Do  I  Contact  Medicare  As  A  Provider?
For specific billing questions, questions about claims, or your patience's medical history, Medical providers can contact Medicare in a number of different ways: Online at www.MyMedicare.com;By phone, calling 1-800-MEDICARE, or TTY1-877-486-2048; or by mail, sentto the following address: Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services 7500 Security Boulevard Baltimore, Maryland 21244-1850

Is  Aflac  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Aflac is not long term care insurance. Aflac stands for American Family Life Assurance of Columbus, and the company sells a number of types of policies to groups and individuals. They do not carry a specific long term care insurance policy, although a few of their policies cover conditions that can lead to the need for long term care.

How  Much  Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Go  Up  With  A  Pool?
Assuming your pool is installed correctly, properly maintained with adequate safeguards in place, the presence of a pool should have little to no effect on your premium. Most policies limits on appurtenant structures (in-ground pools) or personal property (above ground pools) are more than adequate. In rare cases, when these limits must be increased, the additional premium should not be more than $50-100 a year. Diving boards, water slides and other accessories presenting unusual hazards may cause a problem. Some insurers simply refuse to write or renew policies with this type of exposure. In these cases, you could see a significant increase in premium coupled with more restrictive coverage. Checking with your insurance company or agent is something I would do prior to installing a pool. If you are not comfortable with the answer, get other opinions. There is no one size , fits all.

Is  Military  Retired  Pay  A  Qualified  Retirement  Plan?
No, the retirement plan offered by the military is not qualified. Public sector pension plans are not covered by ERISA (Employee Retirement Income Security Act), and in order for a retirement plan to be qualified, it must meet the regulations set forth by ERISA. Therefore, the military's retirement plan offered through the federal government is nonqualified.

Should  You  Save  For  Retirement  Or  Pay  Off  Debt?
There is not an easy answer to this question as there are varying degrees of debt. It can become a math problem in determining the shortest distance between retiring debt while also accumulating savings for retirement. Generally speaking it is best to reduce the "bad" debt which is not tax-deductible and accruing high interest rates. You figure a credit card at 18% interest is going to yield an immediate 18% return on your investment by paying it off. However I would think twice before paying off a zero % car loan and instead use the bank's money to fund your Roth IRA. Also, if you stop contributing to a 401(k) plan you may be leaving "free money" on the table by neglecting the employer match if there is one. Overall, if you have an overwhelming amount of debt, it is best to tackle that first, but once it becomes manageable, to fire up the retirement savings, especially in a 401(k) with an employer match.

Is  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Payments  Tax  Deductible?
Eligible premiums paid for tax-qualified long term care insurance can be applied toward meeting the 7.5% floor for medical expense deductions on your federal income tax return. The amount of eligible long term care premium that can be applied to the 7.5% floor depends on your age. The IRS publishes a table and adjusts the amount for inflation. The benefit payments from a tax-qualified long term care insurance policy are not considered taxable income to the recipient, up to a per diem limit. The per diem limit, which is adjusted annually for inflation, is $320 for 2013. The preceding is for general information and planning purposes only and may not be relied upon as tax advice. You must consult with a tax adviser for more as it applies to your situation.

Who  Has  The  Best  Retirement  Plan?
The best retirement plan belongs to the person who started to save a certain percentage with their very first pay check and have continued saving at a specified rate until today. For many that rate is the percentage of their compensation that the employer will make a matching contribution for others it is just a number that they are comfortable with. Regardless of what plan or vehicle is used, early, consistent savers are the ones who rule when it is time to retire.

What  does  it  mean  when  you  have  a  insurance  policy  that  says  cash  value  8000  and  face  value  16000?
Generally, whole life and some universal life policies have a cash value as the policy ages. This is the amount of cash available for loan. If you look at a current illustration which can be obtained from the insurance company, you will see that the cash value and surrender value will be the same in later years. The face value is the death benefit which will be paid minus any borrowing of the cash value. If you do decide to borrow, make sure you understand how that will affect the policy and premiums in later years.

What  Is  A  Good  Homeowners  Insurance  Deductible?
In a former life I always anwered this question by reminding consumers you have four management areas if you effectively manage your financial affairs. The first area is the "cash" or the "readily available" funds with no surrender charges. The second area is the "insurance deductibles" questions. If I have a $1000 deductible on my auto insurance then that $100o best be in my checking or savings. The next area is theestate planning of my situation. The fourth area is "Retirement Planning.I always cringe when I have a client hand me a 1099R during tax season because most individuals do not understand the impact the withdrawal has on their tax consequences. How much "deductible: should you have-the amount you can keep in your checking or immediately available savings account

What  Is  The  Biggest  Life  Insurance  Company?
The largest life insurance company in the United States (by assets) is presently the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (aka MetLife). MetLife is not the world's largest life Insurer. The largest life insurer in the world (again by assets) is the Japan Post Insurance Company.

Does  Asthma  Affect  Life  Insurance?
Mild, seasonal asthma that has been under control for many years will generally not have an impact on life insurance rates. Moderate asthma with occasional attacks and requiring daily medication will generally raise rates a little. Severe asthma requiring continual steroid treatment and exhibiting recent, frequent attacks can raise life insurance premiums significantly. If smoking or COPD is involved along with severe asthma, it could result in a decline.

Is  Van  Insurance  Cheaper  Than  Car  Insurance?
Every vehicle has an assigned symbol. That symbol is based on the average cost of claims for that particular vehicle. Occasionally that symbol will change as there is increased claims experience. That symbol is part of the formula that determines the rate charged for your particular vehicle. An insurance agent can give you specific information.

Why  Is  It  Important  To  Start  A  Retirement  Plan  As  Soon  As  Possible?
A columnist for Fool.com, Morgan Housel, just wrote a terrific article on this topic titled,An Open Letter to Everyone Under Age 30. He describes why the best estimate for what stocks will return over many decades is 6.6% per year, and then goes on to put some real numbers to what 6.6% growth means: Every dollar saved by a 20 year old for the 45 years until retirement will grow to be worth $18.50. Since a 30 year old only has 35 years until retirement, each dollar saved will only be worth about $9.60. As Housel says, "Saving a little bit of money when you are young can be a more efficient way to build wealth than saving a lot when you're older."

What  Is  Dwelling  Coverage  In  Home  Insurance?
Simply stated, the listed Dwelling coverage is the amount for which your home is currently insured. This is most commonly based upon the calculated reconstruction amount of the building. The policy will more than likely include a "replacement guarantee" settlement provision which means that should the house be damaged by a covered peril, the policy would pay the settlement based upon current construction costs. As always, check with your insurance professional to discuss the specifics of your policy.

How  To  Get  A  Tummy  Tuck  On  Medicare?
Medicare covers most medically necessary procedures under Part A and Part B. Cosmetic surgery is generally not covered although there are exceptions such as breast reconstructive surgery follow a radial mastectomy. A tummy tuck is normally done purely for cosmetic reasons and would not be a covered expense under Medicare.

How  To  Determine  How  Much  You  Need  For  Life  Insurance?
The need for life insurance is to make sure your loved ones are taken care if something terrible happened to you suddenly. When you said your wedding vowels, you promised to take care of each other until death did you part. Life insurance is the one product that can keep that promise forever. The general rule of thumb without going into an in depth needs analysis is to cover your debts and up to 10 times your income. This way if you died today, your family would be debt free and could invest the rest with a good investment program that your loved ones could live off of the interest and not touch the principle where your income would be replaced year after year even though you are gone. Unless you are independently wealthy, life insurance is a must for every family. Use a trusted independent life insurance broker that can find you the best coverage at the best price for your unique situation.

Does  Car  Insurance  Build  Your  Credit?
Generally no. Insurance companies do not report the payment of your insurance premiums to credit bureaus. One caveat however to be aware of. If you lapse or cancel a policy and earned premium is due the insurance company for coverage provided and yoo don't pay it, the earned premium may be turned over to collection and the unpaid debt reported to the credit bureaus.

Does  Life  Insurance  Pay  For  Death  By  Natural  Causes?
Life insurance benefits are paid whenever an insured dies during the period of time that the policy is in force. There is exclusion against suicide in the first couple of years and there are times when the company might contest a claim based upon misrepresentation but that would rarely be affected by someone dying of natural causes.

How  Much  Is  Home  Insurance  Every  Month?
Home insurance can cost as little as $20 per month or much much more. The rate depends on your dwelling amount coverage (personal property etc... too) and other underwriting factors such as the age of your house,how far you are from a fire hydrant and your claims history. Of course there are many available discounts such as 55 and retired and burglar alarm.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Sinkholes?
It is important to know that your Homeowners Insurance probably does not cover damage to the house caused by sinkholes unless you have discussed this optional coverage with your Insurance Professional and added the endorsement onto your policy. Damage caused by earth movement of any kind is a common exclusion in most standard Homeowners policies.

Why  Was  My  Health  Insurance  Application  Denied?
If you applied for Health Insurance and your application was denied, the company you applied to will have to give you a reason why it was denied. They should mail you a letter stating a reason. Since the Affordable Care Act was passed you can not be denied based on your health history, so as long as you are providing truthful, relevant info on the app, getting health insurance should be easy.

What  To  Ask  When  Buying  Life  Insurance?
Rather than questions I would suggest that you observe the following about the agent. Does this agent listen? Does this agent offer sound financial advice? Does this agent communicate clearly with you and the insurance company? In the end the most important thing you will do is select the limit of coverage. Other aspects of the transaction are really incidental. Will this agent set up a plan to ease the transition for those you love in the event of your premature death? Little else really matters.

How  Much  Insurance  Money  Will  I  Get  For  A  Totaled  Car?
When you and the adjuster agree on the value of your car, you will receive a check for that amount minus the deductible listed in your policy. If you are not at fault you will receive the same amount from your insurer but may recover the deductible after your insurance company subrogates against the at-fault driver.

What  Is  A  Typical  Home  Insurance  Cost?
Home insurance is written for homes. Homes are never typical. It is the uniqueness that makes home ownership attractive. A homeowners policy is based upon the value of the home, the location of the home, the fire protection available, the age of the home and the condition of the home. In addition there are other items of interest that will guide an underwriter to evaluate the risk of your home

What  Is  The  Difference  Between  A  Variable  Annuity  And  Variable  Life  Insurance?
A variable annuity is a tax-deferred retirement vehicle that allows the owner to choose from an offered selection of investments. When annuitized, it pays out a stream of income to the annuitant. The investments you choose for your variable annuity can increase or decrease in value and that means the overall value and your payout will follow. While a variable annuity can offer a nice upside, there is risk and if the investments inside the annuity decline in value, your payout will be decreased. A variable life insurance policy is a form of permanent life insurance offering a death benefit to your beneficiaries upon your passing. A portion of the premium you pay for a variable life insurance policy goes toward the insurance, a portion toward various investments that the owner of the policy chooses and a portion goes to cover associated fees related to the management of the investments. The variable life insurance policy owner will be given options for the investments, generally mutual funds. As the value of those mutual funds go up and down, the cash value inside your policy follows. There are many options to variable annuities and variable life insurance products that should be considered before purchasing.

Is  Homeowners  Insurance  A  Waste  Of  Money?
People buy insurance because they cannot bear the risk alone. Only a relatively small percentage of policyholders will incur a large claim in a given year, however, none of them could afford to bear that claim alone. Unfortunately I cannot tell when you will have a claim and advise you to buy a policy because you will be having a claim soon. Actually most people buy a homeowners policy because their lender requires it, however, it is a very good deal, particularly if you do have that major claim.

What  Is  The  Best  Medigap  Insurance  Company?
Medigap Plans are standardized by CMS. This means they are Medicare's plans and NOT plans of the insurance company -- so there isn't a company that ranks as the best Medigap carrier because they are all required to pay the bills...it's the law. As a consumer, it's in your best interest to use an independent agent to help you determine which insurance company and Medigap Plan is the best for you. Independent agents specializing in Medicare know how to research the market and find the insurance company that meets your needs. When I'm helping Seniors lower their existing Medigap premium, I let them know that it really doesn't matter which insurance company they use...if they have Plan F, it will be the same exact Plan F with another insurance carrier. The only difference is the price. Thank you for taking the time to read my response. Please let me know if I can be of further assistance.

How  To  File  A  Claim  With  Home  Insurance?
You file a claim for homeowner's insurance with your broker. Once the claim has occurred, you will need to provide specific information regarding what happened, the extent of damage, the cause of damage and if there is a risk of additional damage. Generally, a claims adjuster or other personaffiliatedwith the insurer will be in contact you.

How  To  Write  An  Appeal  Letter  To  Health  Insurance?
If you write an appeal letter to your health insurance company, call the carrier or broker first to obtain a contact name and address. Be sure to include all pertinent facts about your claim denial and additional information that may cause an underwriter to consider changing their decision. It never cost anything to request a reversal.

Can  You  Negotiate  Life  Insurance  Rates?
Good question in as much as you can negotiate price for just about anything else! But, no, life insurance premiums are really not negotiable. It's interesting to note that different insurance companies do have slightly different pricing for similar products, but once approved by the commissioner they are locked in until the insurance company can prove their costs have risen. Tim and Peggy above here have good input regarding getting the best rates. I would add that if you can pay your premium annually instead of monthly or quarterly you will save a little. Generally the less payment processing the company has to do will reflect in the premium charged.

How  Soon  Should  I  Apply  For  Medicare?
You can apply for Medicare up to 3 months before, the month of, and up to 3 months after your birth month. You should apply during the 3 months before the month you turn 65 so your coverage starts on time (the first day of your birth month) - you can be subject to a delayed effective date if you apply during the 3 months after your birth month. People are eligible for premium-free Medicare Part A when they turn 65 and have met the 40 quarters (10 years) of working life/paying FICA taxes. Anyone who is eligible for premium-free Part A, can qualify for Part B - Part B requires premiums. Younger individuals with certain disabilities who have been receiving social security disability benefits for 24 continuous months and those with end-stage renal disease, may also be eligible to receive Medicare benefits. Original Medicare (Parts A & B) only 80% of your healthcare expenses. Medigap plans (also known as Medicare supplement plans) can help cover all or a portion of the other 20%. When you first enroll in Part B, you have a 6-month initial open enrollment period to buy a Medigap plan with NO medical underwriting. The advantage of having a Medigap plan to go with your Original Medicare coverage is that it creates a very predictable expense structure (a major advantage for seniors living on a fixed income). I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Does  My  Renters  Insurance  Cover  My  Roommate?
No. If you read your policy, you will see in the Definitions Section, the definition of Insured. It would look similar to this "Insured" means you and residents of your household who are: a. Your relatives; or b. Other persons under the age of 21 and in the care of any person named above. If your roommate is not a relative, he is not insured and would receive no benefit from the policy in the event of fire or liability claim. If you were apply for the insurance in your name and your roommates name, and the company issued a policy, then your roommate and you would be covered. I hope I've answered your question. If not, feel free to call, fax or email me. Kevin P. Foley, CPA, CPCU PFT&K Insurance Brokers T 877-414-2031 F 877-405-3025 E kpfoley[at]kpfoley[dot]com W www[dot]kpfoley[dot]com

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  A  Broken  Refrigerator?
Your tenants policy does not cover a broken appliance. It does cover an appliance that is damaged as the result of a covered loss. For example if there was a fire in the kitchen and the refrigerator need to be restored or replaced your tenants policy would have coverage. There are policies that can be purchased that cover appliances but it is not your tenants policy.

Who  Should  Enroll  In  Medicare  Part  B?
The only persons who may not want to enroll in Medicare Part B are those who have a group plan that has features better than Medicare Part B, and for which the group policy would be the primary payer. There is no penalty to wait until your group plan ends, to sign up for Part B Medicare. If you are an active duty service member and age 65, you could also wait to sign up for Part B. For everyone else who qualifies, enrolling in Part B is reasonably priced and something you have paid into. Unless you have moral reasons against it, prefer private coverage, or are able to insure yourself, I know of no reasons to not enroll in it.

How  Long  Can  Children  stay  On  Parents  Auto  Insurance?
The answer to this question depends upon state law. In California all the drivers in the household, regardless of their age are included in the policy. The policy covers the car. The car is attached to a household. Unless excluded anyone in the household can operate any vehicle covered. In fact, anyone can operate any vehicle (provided that they have permission and are licensed drivers.)

Does  AAA  Offer  Homeowners  Insurance?
I don't know about homeowner policy availability through AAA in every State but I can speak personally for Florida. They are my homeowner carrier in Florida. Their rate was reasonably competitive and the coverages are good. The customer service was great. Therefore, since Florida is one of the least favorite States for top insurers to do business in, I would think that the chances are good they are available in most States. If you are an AAA Member, you have a chance to get a good carrier.

Who  Has  The  Best  Whole  Life  Insurance  Rates?
There's no one company that offers the "best" whole life rates. The carrier that's going to offer the best rates for you may not be the carrier the offers the best rates for someone else. There are a number of factors that go into the calculation of rates for a policy, but that's only one area to think about. Some carriers may offer participating whole life policies (paying dividends that can be used to buy paid-up additions, reduce the premiums, or pay cash to the policyowner) - other whole life policies may be non-participating (meaning they do not pay any dividends). Another factor determining which program will be best for your needs is the risk class. People may qualify for different risk classes with each carrier because each person has a different medical history and each carrier has their own set of underwriting guidelines (some carriers may be more aggressive in their underwriting and others may be more conservative). You'll want to consult with an independent life insurance agent/broker who can compare multiple companies to see who will offer you the lowest rates for what program you're looking to set up.

What  Does  Dave  Ramsey  Say  About  Cancer  Insurance?
Dave Ramsey does not think you should buy cancer insurance or any type of specific dread disease insurance. He confuses the purpose of it with major medical health insurance. Your major medical pays your doctor bills (minus your deductibles, co-pays and premiums.) Your cancer insurance pays a lump sum amount directly to you. You can use this while you are off work with cancer to pay for food, house payment, medical bills or anything else you need. Dave Ramsey is not a good resource for insurance information.

Will  Annuity  Rates  Improve  In  The  Future?
No one knows the answer to that. But interest rates generally have cycles. Presently the government is artificially suppressing interest rates, but it seems reasonable that rates must rise eventually. Many financial planners are locking down interest rate periods of five years or less which may be an indication of their belief that interest rates will rise within the decade.

When  Do  Companies  Have  To  Offer  Health  Insurance?
No one is required to offer health insurance, but employers are strongly encouraged to offer it as a way of attracting people to come work for them. Depending on how many employees there are for a given company, the employer may be subject to employer shared responsibility payments if they don't offer group coverage and meet enrollment requirements. Employers also often offer group health insurance because they can get certain tax deductions and tax credits for doing so and enrolling employees. If you want to look into setting up a group health plan to offer your employees (or want to review your existing coverage to see if something better is available), you want to work with an experienced health insurance broker. There's many moving parts to group coverage. We have in-depth knowledge of the products available and can help design a policy that is suitable to your needs, your budget, and will offer great coverage to your staff. Please let me know if I can be of assistance. Thanks very much.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Raccoon  Damage?
Homeowner policies generally exclude damage arising from "... birds, vermin, rodents, insects or domestic animals." A raccoon is not any one of those items, accordingly I would sayraccoon damage iscovered. However the policy language of your policy is the deciding factor. I hope I've answered your question. If not, feel free to call, fax or email me. Kevin P. Foley, CPA, CPCU PFT&K Insurance Brokers T 877-414-2031 F 877-405-3025 E kpfoley[at]kpfoley[dot]com W www[dot]kpfoley[dot]com

What  Does  Annuity  Due  Mean?
The word, annuity probably dates back to Rome. The annua was an annual payment. There were some arrangements where the payment lasted the lifetime of the recipient. Tables for these payments were developed during the Roman Empire and used to compensate soldiers for their service. They received a life time of annual payments.

What  Does  The  Bible  Say  About  Life  Insurance?
I am certainly not a scholar and can say I do not know the bible like I should however I can safely say the bible does not talk about Life Insurance by that name. There are many versus and scriptures however that talk about managing your money, staying out of debt, lending money, etc... There is nothing wrong with taking care of loved ones or your obligations to cover your expenses when you pass away. There are ways you can have to benefit paid out as to prevent or at least minimize what I refer to as the "lottery syndrome" which is someone receiving a large sum of monies when they have not earned them. There is no respect for that money and therefor will and has been spent unwisely. If you need more information, I can refer some books for you to read which draw upon scripture and managing your monies.

Do  You  Need  Home  Insurance  Before  Closing?
If you have a mortgage on the home you are purchasing, you would need to have homeowner's insurance in place before you close. Typically, an annual premium is required so that you meet the requirements of the lender. A declarations page with the stated coverages on your home will be provided to you by the insurer or broker so you can close.

Who  May  A  Single  Premium  Immediate  Annuity  Be  Appropriate  For?
A single premium immediate annuity may be appropriate for someone who has an adequate amount of savings for retirement, but who wants to supplement their income. Anyone who has a lump sum of money which they do not need access to, and who would like to have it structured to provide additional income on a regular basis, couple possibly benefit from a single premium immediate annuity.

How  Much  Does  Life  Insurance  Cost  For  A  40  Year  Old?
This is a great question, Life insurance premiums vary depending on a number of things such as gender, insurance company, type of plan, riders you may want, amount of insurance you want, if there are any health issues, etc. etc.etc. You can contact us for a personalized quote if you are in one of the states that we are licensed in.

Is  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Premium  Deductible?
Your long term care insurance premium is deductible if you have a qualified (TQ) long term care insurance policy. That is because the US government now recognizes LTC premiums as a medical expense. If you have a non-qualified long term care insurance policy, the premium is not tax deductible.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Second  Opinions?
Typically, a health insurance company will make a decision regarding whether a claim should be paid. An underwriter, a claims approver and perhaps another resource may be used during this process. If your claim is denied, you can appeal. Regarding a "second opinion" concerning a possible procedure or surgery, your private or group policy will clearly indicate the level of benefit you have. And of course, an experienced broker can also help.

How  Much  Is  Health  Insurance  In  Retirement?
Depends when you retire really because being in retirement has nothing to do with the prices. You'd likely be looking at an individual health plan if you're under age 65 so it will depend on your age, zip code, what health plan benefits you want, etc. The premiums can be a as little as a couple hundred dollars per month or well over 500 per month. If you're over 65, you're likely looking at Medicare coverage if you don't qualify for any retiree programs from an employer. On Medicare, you're looking at a couple of different options. If you want more comprehensive type coverage, you would want to buy a Medicare Supplement plan (also known as a Medigap plan) and pair it with a Part D prescription drug plan (if you want drug coverage). If you want a Medicare type program that works similar to under age 65 individual health insurance works, then you may want to consider a Medicare Advantage plan. Medigap plans are standardized and don't have annual enrollment periods to follow - Part D plans and Medicare Advantage plans do. The premiums for a Medigap plan depends on which one you want to get (there are 11 to choose from), your age, zip code, and if you smoke or not. Medicare Advantage and Part D plans that are available depend on your zip code. You should consult with an independent insurance agent or broker who can discuss your specific insurance needs and preferences to determine which is the most suitable coverage for you. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help with your coverage or if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Who  Offers  Medigap  Insurance?
Many "big name" carriers including Blue Cross, Mutual of Omaha and United Healthcare offer Medigap insurance in almost every state. If you want real value you should consider some of the smaller carriers. For example, in Georgia and Tennessee you can often save $300 or more by picking someone other than the big name carriers.

Do  Life  Insurance  Proceeds  Go  Into  Estate?
Life insurance will only go into the estate if the named beneficiaries are deceased and the beneficiaries were not changed or if the estate is the named beneficiary. It is important to review your policies to make sure they are properly set up. I have ran into occasions for example where a husband and wife die close together and didn't have time to change the beneficiary. If a contingent beneficiary had been named, that beneficiary would have received the money. Because no contingent beneficiary was named the money went to the estate.

What  Is  Private  Health  Insurance?
Private health insurance is coverage that you buy yourself instead of having it provided through an employer. As an experienced broker, our job is to find the most affordable plans available through the highest-rated insurers. If you qualify for the new federal subsidy, we will calculate the amount and explain how that can reduce your premium. Each State Exchange/Marketplace will have an Open Enrollment which allows consumers to apply for coverage regardless of pre-existing conditions.

Why  Would  I  Be  Refused  Life  Insurance?
Someone can be refused life insurance for a number of reasons. The most common reason is having a health condition that is not accepted for the policy you applied for, or your health condition is not as controlled as the life insurance company would like to see it. It does not mean you do not qualify for ANY policy, it just means that you may need to apply elsewhere and possibly take less and/or pay more. Other things besides a health condition that can cause life insurance to be declined are: participating dangerous hobbies such as motorcycle racing, having gone through recent substance abuse treatment, having a recent bankruptcy, or plans to travel to an unsafe country. Also, there are age restrictions. If declined, don't despair and don't give up until you've explored more options. A good impaired risk life insurance agent will be of great assistance.

What  Is  The  Cost  Of  Part  D  Medicare?
Medicare Part D, the prescription drug coverage, is a privately insured plan offered by insurance carriers that offer Medicare approved plans. Each plan is different. Some have deductibles others do not. All have copay's and coinsurance. The price varies by the number of drugs covered and the amount you are expected to pay for the drug.

What  Are  The  Best  Annuities  To  Buy?
To determine whether an annuity is best for you, you need to establish a personal financial profile that includes a risk tolerance assessment and your life expectancy. Annuities have three basic crediting methodologies: fixed interest rate crediting, indice crediting and separate sub account crediting or debiting. The second item to determine is your effective tax rate. Once you have established these two parameters, financial profile and tax bracket you can review the top ranked annuities that are suitable for you.

What  Does  A  Fixed  Annuity  Cost?
In short, it depends on the size of the annuity (how much you want to put it in). If you want to buy an immediate annuity, you're paying a sum of money to the insurance company in one payment and you're done - you start receiving annuity payments immediately. If you want to buy a deferred annuity, you are paying premiums to the carrier throughout a given number of periods - you start receiving annuity payments at a future point in time. The advantage being that the monies put into the annuity grow tax-deferred. What you get out of the annuity will vary a lot as well because each carrier that offers annuities will offer different interest rates so one company may offer a large payout to you than another even though you're putting in the same amount of money either way. This is where an independent annuity broker comes in handy because they can work with you on a personal level, compare options from multiple carriers to see which will offer you the best payout, and get your annuity set up - plus, brokers do not charge fees for their services so you can only help yourself. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance and if you have any further questions. Thanks very much.

Where  To  Find  Individual  Health  Insurance?
From me, of course. If you are like most Americans shopping for health insurance is not only about as exciting as watching paint dry but you also find yourself in a world you don't fully understand and where the people seem to speak a foreign language. Of course, you can always go online and shop around or, even more fun, go to HealthCare.Gov or your state's health insurance marketplace and shop there. That works for some people but millions of others have learned the painful lesson that there are a lot of factors to consider when making a purchase as important as health insurance that are very difficult to present concisely on a web site. Seek out the services of a qualified life and health insurance agent. An independent agent not tied to one specific insurance company can shop the entire marketplace for you and can be impartial. An agent with additional professional certifications such as Chartered Benefits Consultant, Certified Employee Benefits Consultant, Registered Health Underwriter are examples of professionals who have taken their education and training beyond the simple requirements to get a life and health insurance license. These are the characteristics I would recommend you look for in a health insurance agent. It doesn't cost you anything extra to get these professional's services and they do all the work, can answer your questions, and point out those not so obvious issues with provider networks, how your specific medical and/or prescription needs are covered by different plans that the average consumer often misses or doesn't even know to ask about. ObamaCare has not made all health insurance policies equal, quite the opposite in fact. Ask your friends or co-workers, do an Internet search for health insurance agents, or contact me. But you'll be glad that you got professional guidance on this matter.

What  Is  The  Average  Homeowners  Insurance  Cost  Per  Month?
Your cost for homeowners insurance is as unique as the home that you own. There are many factors that are taken into consideration when your premium is determined from an insurance carrier. Based on my experience within my geographic area I would say the average homeowners insurance cost is about eight hundred to fifteen hundred dollars per year. Call a local agent a quote will cost you nothing butyour time.

What  Is  Voluntary  Deductible  In  Car  Insurance?
It appears to be a policy provision found in auto and property insurance policies issued in India. The provision allows the insured to set the amount of a loss that they will bear themselves (deductible) at the time of claim. This then sets a percentage that affects the premium for the coverage. The higher the percentage bore by the insured, the lower the premium.

Will  Medicare  Pay  For  Liposuction?
Medicare does not cover liposuction as its considered a cosmetic procedure, even if you have an underlying medical condition related to weight. Some bariatric surgeries may be covered depending on medical necessity, such as a gastric bypass or gastric banding. If youre unsure whether your specific circumstances for a procedure would be covered by Medicare, you can contact Medicare directly to find out if the procedure would be covered. When procedures are covered by Medicare, they typically only pay for about 80% of the covered healthcare expenses. A Medigap plan can cover all or a portion of the other 20%. If you do not have one in place already, I would suggest considering the purchase of one. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your program and if you have any further questions. Thanks very much.

How  Do  I  Meet  My  Health  Insurance  Deductible?
Your health insurance deductible is the amount that the covered individual must pay out of their own pocket before the health insurance plan begins paying for covered health care expenses. Deductibles can vary from one insurance policy to another. As an example, let's say you have a health insurance policy with a $2000 deductible followed by 100% co-insurance coverage after that amount.You are thenhospitalized for heart surgery under this policy and the total bill is $50,000. You would be 100% financially responsible for the first $2000 of that bill (your deductible) and the health insurance carrier would pay the remaining $48,000. You have "met" your deductible by incurring expenses in excess of your plan's deductible. As many healthcare providers and hospitals will tell you, there is a difference in someone "meeting" their deductible and actually paying their deductible expenses. So, inour example, as long as the policy holder keeps paying their health insurance premiums their health insurance will remain in effect even if the policy holder pays none or only a portion of their $2000 deductible amount. This is why a growing number of consumers are receiving demands for upfront payment of their deductible and co-insurance cost sharing amounts from some healthcare providers before they will provide services. I just had a friend ask me about this very situation for one of her coworkers who had recently learned she was pregnant and who was told by their OB/GYN that they wanted payment for the person's $1500 deductible and their 30% co-insurance cost sharing for the OB/GYN to provide their services to that person.

Does  Medicare  Pay  For  Urgent  Care?
Generally Medicare does cover urgently needed care. However, without knowing the specifics of your treatment I can not give you a definitive answer. There are many different circumstances that will determine what treatments medicare will cover and what they wont cover. The best way to find out if a procedure will be covered is to contact medicare directly at 800-medicare or online at www.medicare.gov.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Pest  Removal?
The short answer is no in most situations. Almost all homeowners insurance policies provide an exclusion for vermin (which would include bugs and animals). Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Can  Life  Insurance  Be  Transferred  To  Another  Company?
Life insurance can be exchanged tax free from one company to another via the 1035 section of the code that permits this type of transfer. Keep in mind that not all life insurance companies receive policies that have policy loans outstanding from other life insurance companies for exchange purposes.

How  To  Plan  For  Retirement  In  Your  20S?
The day you start working is the day you pay yourself first. Paying yourself first is retirement planning. And what you save to day will determine how you live tomorrow. If your employer sponsors a defined (tax deductible) contribution plan like a 401(k) with employer matching contributions, fund it to the match. Take the tax savings and fund a minimum death benefit life insurance- TAMRA compliant policy that has different crediting methods. You need to start thinking about retiring at age 70, living to age 100 without Social Security.

How  To  Reimburse  Employees  For  Health  Insurance?
This has been a controversial area for several years as I presume you are asking about how to reimburse employees for the cost of individual health insurance. There had been a lot of activity which was embraced by a number of employers in past years to reimburse their employees for the cost of individual health insurance through the use of a Health Reimbursement Account (HRA) and making it a deductible business expense no different than an employer contribution to a group health insurance plan. In early 2013 the DOL and IRS issued statements that virtually every benefits professional recognized as being definitive in stating that this practice was not allowed. If an employer does not want to offer a group health insurance plan but wants to assist their employees in purchasing individual health insurance then the only practical way to do this appears to be by grossing up their pay by some amount. Of course, this is no different than giving the employees a pay raise from a tax perspective because that is exactly what you are doing. Also, this well intentioned action by the employer may have the unintended consequence of reducing or eliminating the amount of the Advanced Premium Tax subsidy that the employees might qualify for in the government health insurance marketplaces. But it is now clear than any employer support for employees purchasing their own health insurance can only be done on a post-tax basis. Depending upon a given group's circumstances this may be a viable option to consider and is being done by some employers. This is an approach that needs to be handled with care and you should seek guidance regarding the applicability of this approach to your company's specific situation. If you would like to learn more please feel free to contact me.

How  To  Be  Medicare  Certified?
When yuo speak of being "medicare certified" you are usually speaking of the fact that there are two classes of medicare sales people-those that sell medicare selling that is unregulated by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services vs. those that do sell Medicare advantage. To be "medicare certified" you have to take the AHIP exam(American Health Insurance Portablity Act). It is both time consuming and expensive. This year when I finally completed the certification I had 24 hours invested in just the recertification. Then CMS regulates Medicare Advantage sales people like we are crooks whereas the Medicare Supplement sales people are allowed to go unregulated. I assume you realize you have to have a valid insurance license for theState you reside in.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  A  Sports  Injury?
In most cases, yes. Your health insurance plan will cover a sports injury. Exceptions would be professional sports and some organized sports. Professional sports should be self explanatory. Examples of organized sports include avocational interests such as competitive dirt bike or off-road racing. Competitive ski events are another situation where your health insurance coverage could deny a claim.

Does  Medicare  Pay  For  Portable  Nebulizers?
Yes, Medicare will pay for portable nebulizers as long as they are ordered as medically necessary by your doctor for conditions such as COPD, HIV, CF, pneumocystosis, tracehostomy and some others. The expense is covered by Part B and you may have to choose whether to rent or purchase your nebulizer.

How  Does  Health  Insurance  For  Newborns  Work?
If a group health plan, health insurance company, or health maintenance organization (HMO) provides maternity benefits, it may not restrict benefits for a hospital stay in connection with childbirth to less than 48 hours following a vaginal delivery or 96 hours following a delivery by cesarean section.You cannot be required to obtain preauthorization from your plan in order for your 48-hour or 96-hour stay to be covered. (However, certain requirements that you give notice to the plan of the pregnancy or the childbirth may apply.)The law allows you and your baby to be released earlier than these time periods only if the attending provider decides, after consulting with you, that you or your baby can be discharged earlier.In any case, the attending provider cannot receive incentives or disincentives to discharge you or your child earlier than 48 hours (or 96 hours).If your state has a law that provides similar hospital stay protections and your plan offers coverage through an insurance policy or HMO, then you may be protected under state law rather than under the Newborns and Mothers Health Protection Act. Health insurance policies will generally cover a new born as long as you enroll your newborn within 30 days of birth. Coverage should be effective as of your babys birth date, just remember, you should enroll your baby within 30 days of the date of birth.Contact your health plan or your spouses health plan as soon as possible to find out how to enroll your new baby in group health plan coverage.

Can  I  Get  Insurance  On  A  Car  I  Don't  Own?
Car insurance needs to be obtained by the legal owner of the vehicle. You can not insure a car that you do not own. However, with the owners permission you can pay for the car insurance and be listed as a driver if you will be driving the car on a regular basis. Parents do this a lot for children who need help getting started on their own.

How  To  Get  Discounts  On  Car  Insurance?
Great question! There are a couple of great ways to get discounts. Having a clean driving record will get you discounts with some companies, better yet, it helps keep your rates lower! You can also consider adding another car to the policy, or bundling other policies (renters/homeowners, etc) as many companies will give discounts for that also. Feel free to contact me if you need more information. Thanks for asking!

What  Should  I  Pay  For  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
It depends on gender, age, smoking status, health condition and whether you use two lives on one policy. A 60 year old male and female, both nonsmokers and in good health can secure an excellent long term care policy for both for $300 a month for a base policy.

How  To  Save  Money  On  Renters  Insurance?
The easiest way to save money on your insurance premium with lessening your coverage is to have all of your insurance policies with one carrier as most carriers provide a discount for having multiple policies with them. If this is not an option for you then there are only two other options. One is to lessen your coverage and the other is to shop around.

What  Is  Term  Essential  Life  Insurance?
I believe you are speaking about the Prudential term product which has both term "essential" and term "elite". The former product is the lower in cost, while the "elite" coverage has certain advantages should you wish to convert in the future. I believe the less expensive model works for most people, although its a good idea to be aware of both.

Does  Disability  Insurance  Work?
Absolutely disability insurance works. It makes sure that individuals and families have income when they are unable to work due to illness or injury. This income provided by the policy allows and individual to continue his or he life a a similar lifestyle if he or she cannot work.

Does  Insurance  Cover  Wigs  For  Cancer  Patients?
Critical Illness insurance pays a lump sum to the insured person upon diagnosis of a qualifying disease. Cancer is one of the commonly covered illnesses, and cancer that requires chemotherapy or radiation is usually covered. The lump sum that is paid to the insured person can be used however they wish, including to buy wigs.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Pet  Damage?
Renters insurance would not typically cover for any pet damage. This would typically be considered the renter's responsibility or the owner of the animal responsibility. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage that is provided and any exclusions that there may be within the policy or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Can  I  Get  Disability  Insurance  If  I  Have  Cancer?
Depending on the exact type of cancer, most companies would probably not issue the policy if you are currently being treated. Cancer can be a devastating disease. No company will issue a policy knowing there is likely to be a claim in the very near future. If you have a minor skin cancer then you may be able to receive coverage, otherwise it is doubtful. The only way to find out is to speak with an agent and do a trial application or have him call underwriting at the company for a preliminary evaluation.

What  Is  A  30  Year  Term  Life  Insurance?
Just what it says, it is a term life insurance policy that will expire in 30 years. After 30 years, you will either have to renew the policy at a higher rate if it is renewable or convert the policy to a permanent plan such as whole life if it is convertible.

What  Are  The  Best  Ways  For  Someone  Under  30  To  Start  Planning  For  Retirement?
First, take care of your risks - health insurance, car insurance, home/renters insurance, life insurance. Second, you need a stash of emergency cash. I make it rhyme so it's easy to remember. $1,000-$2,000 is a good start. Get a safe & start sticking it in there. Crap happens - someone in India wipes out your account and it takes a week or two to get the bank to give you back your money. Third, open a savings account and save at least three months of your household expenses but six months is better. Again, crap happens and if you have to change jobs, you may need a 3-6 month cushion to find another job. Fourth, max out your company's 401k to the extent of the company matching. That means for every dollar you put in, you DOUBLE your money guaranteed. Fifth, this is where you get into long term financial planning. Do some networking, attend some seminars, ask friends. I personally like mutual funds & annuities but everyone will give you different answers. Find a plan that meets your risk tolerance and a company you trust. You will hear a lot of noise about fees but keep it in perspective - are you getting what you pay for? It's not like gasoline where you get the same gas no matter where you fill up so always look for the cheapest. Different products offer different services for different fees.

Will  A  Home  Insurance  Claim  Increase  My  Premium?
Depending on the claim, one claim should not affect your premium. A history of a lot of small claims or a large liability claim may affect your premium depending on the circumstances. Each company looks at things differently so it is hard to give a definitive answer to your question.

Why  Purchase  Disability  Insurance?
Why purchase Disability Insurance? To replace part of your income in case you become disabled. Not everyone has the income or need to purchase Disability Insurance. You may be getting it from your employer already. Or perhaps your wages and assets are low enough that you would be better off going on Social Security or SSI if you suffered a permanent disability. For most workers, however, having Disability Insurance is a necessity as most families cannot get along without one income.

Who  Should  Buy  Long  Term  Health  Care  Insurance?
Long Term Health Care Insurance is called, simply, Long Term Care Insurance. It covers the cost of living in a nursing home, assisted living home, or receiving other types of services when the insured person is unable to take care of themselves. Among those who should buy Long Term Care Insurance are those who have many assets and feel strongly that they do not want their assets to go toward paying long term care expenses. People who want to have many choices in how and where they are cared for, should they be unable to care for themselves, are also people who would benefit from Long Term Care insurance, if they can afford it. Finally, persons whose families want the security of knowing that their parents will not rely on them for long term care, if needed, are those who should considering buying Long Term Care insurance.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Basement  Flooding?
Renters insurance will not cover flood damage. Some renters policies may offer sump pump and sewer back up coverage at an additional cost. Flood insurance is sold separately and requires an agent be licensed to sell it. If you feel you need flood insurance coverage I would suggest contacting your local agent and discussing it with them.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Structural  Damage?
Structural damage may be covered under your homeowners policy. Coverage is going to depend a lot on the cause of the damage and also the coverages that offered by your your homeowners policy. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Who  Really  Needs  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Who really needs long term care insurance? EVERYBODY. The question really is who can afford long term care insurance? What long term care insurance does for a person is create a pool of money to purchase the quality of care they want, rather than what they have to settlefor. All long term care insurance does is pay for better care and nicer facilities to reside in or home health care. When you don't carry a long term care policy and have used up yourassets, you can still get care, covered by thegovernment, cept your say in the quality of care you receiveno longermatters. With the government having to find ways tomake budgets work, caringfor the elderly tends to slip down in priority funding wise.

Will  My  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Asbestos  Removal?
Homeowners insurance protects the owner for damages that come from specified perils One peril is fire. If the home is damaged in a fire and asbestos removal is required to repair the home, it would be considered in the claim. There is an additional coverage available on a homeowners policy that provides additional money if repairs require adjustments to meet building codes. That coverage would be helpful under these circumstances. However, removal of asbestos for personal reasons would not be a covered peril.

Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Cracked  Foundation?
Although the foundation is not a part of the computation upon which the replacement value of the home is established, it might be covered if there is direct physical loss by one of the named perils (in the all-risk policy it would be any peril other than those excluded.) It is very difficult to think of a circumstance where coverage would apply. The mere presence of a cracked foundation is insufficient.

Does  Term  Life  Insurance  Pay  Dividends?
Dividends are paid by policies which accumulate equity, such as Whole Life. Term life does not accumulate equity, but merely provide death protection (unless of course you buy Term living benefits coverage), so it does NOT pay dividends. I would urge you to talk with your agent. There are many choices out there now which can pay you, and have a variety of premiums which are much more affordable than you might think. Thank you. GARY LANE.

When  Is  A  Good  Time  To  Get  Life  Insurance?
There is never a better time to get Life insurance then now. Life insurance increases every year you get older and your health is not guarantteed. Life insurance is also the only insurance product on the market that is guarantteed you'll use. Term rates are at an all time low and obtaining a policy has never been easier. Just make sure you deal with a company who has a good tract record and who will be here in the next 40 - 50 years.

Does  Medigap  Insurance  Cover  Drugs?
No, Medigap plans on today's marketplace do not cover drugs. If you have a Medigap plan or are looking to buy one, you would need to add a standalone part D prescription drug plan to cover prescription drugs. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your coverage and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

What  Is  The  Best  Medicare  Supplement  Plan?
The best Medicare Supplement Plans in my opinion are Plans G and N. With Plan G you only have one small deductible to meet ($166) and there are no copays for a doctor office visit. Rates are very competitive with Plan G among insurance today companies today. Plan N can save you money on your monthly premium if you are comfortable paying a small co-pay of $20 for some doctor office visits. There is a $50 co-pay for an Emergency Room visit that does not result in an inpatient hospital admission. Plan N has one of the lowest premiums of any of the Medicare Supplements that offer comprehensive coverage for the gaps in your Medicare Part A & B coverage.

Can  I  Find  Out  Who  Has  Life  Insurance  On  Me?
No person or entity can own life insurance on your life unless you gave your consent to be insured. Do you recall signing an application for life insurance or signing to authorize the release of medical information for insurance underwriting purposes? Do you recall having a paramedical exam - blood and urine samples, questions about medical history, etc? Ask your family members. Also ask your employer. Since 2006, employers who insure the lives of their key employees for the benefit of the business must obtain your consent and give you notice up front plus they must report coverage they own on employees annually to the IRS. Some records of your consent should exist in files. Then contact the insurance companies involved to verify.

Is  Spouse  Covered  Under  Medicare?
Your spouse is covered by Medicare at age 65, either through his or her own eligibility, or (if he or she is not eligible due to their own work history) through the work history of their spouse (you). If your spouse has not paid Medicare taxes through their own employment for at least 10 years, they can go on their spouse's plan, but not until they turn age 65.

When  Do  Insurance  Companies  Write  Off  A  Car?
That is going to vary from carrier to carrier. I have been told that if the cost of repairing the vehicle is greater than the valuation of the vehicle ( which is based on a recognized system ) then the carrier may choose to consider the vehicle "totaled" and pay up to the vehicle's value or the policy limits which ever is lessor minus your deductible.

I  Was  Given  The  All  Clear  10  Years  Ago  From  Leukemia.  Will  This  Affect  An  Application  For  Life  Insurance?
The diagnosis of leukemia will affect the rate or eligibility for some life insurance policies, even though over 10 years ago. For others (like a simplified issue policy that asks if you have been diagnosed or treated for leukemia in the past 10 years), it will not make any difference at all. Contact an impaired risk specialist that offers policies from multiple companies to find the policy that has your lowest price.

What  Does  Cash  Value  Mean  On  Life  Insurance?
A permanent life insurance policy is where you will find cash value. In your policy it is often called a non-forfeiture value. The permanent policy is designed to offer a death benefit throughout life for a set premium. While not all policies guarantee the premium the policy premium includes money that is accumulating to offset the death benefit as the age of the insured increases. At any time that there is cash value in the policy the company is willing to give you that cash value in exchange for taking away their responsibility to pay the death claim.

What  Is  The  Best  Life  Insurance  For  My  Parents?
Many questions must be answered before we could really honestly answer this question age, health , assets, liabilities,investments etc. So what I am saying is find a planner and be willing to lay it all on the line and let the planner search for you the best way to go. With the economy being down you are thinking on the right path be patient and search.

Does  Charles  Schwab  Offer  Life  Insurance?
Charles Schwab offers life insurance from other carriers. On their website they state: "Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. ('Schwab'), in association with the Small Business Insurance Agency, Inc. ('SBIA'), provides customers with access to term life insurance issued by leading insurance companies. Schwab and SBIA are licensed insurance agencies."

Will  Renters  Insurance  Cover  A  Stolen  Bicycle?
It may. Renters insurance typically includes coverage for personal property not directly on premise. This coverage is typically up to ten percent of the policy value and may be subject to the policy deductible. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

What  Happens  If  My  Auto  Insurance  Lapses?
If you live in a state where auto insurance is required in order to maintain registration, then in many cases, like here in Connecticut, the insurance company will notify your state's Department Of Motor Vehicles (DMV) about the lapse. DMV will send you a letter for each of the cars on your policy asking that you show proof of continuous coverage from the date of the lapse. If you have not obtained coverage elsewhere, DMV will notify you that your registrations will be suspended and then also levy a fairly hefty fine.

How  Can  I  Sign  Up  For  Medicare?
You will automatically be enrolled as soon as you qualify due to age or disability. If you do not receive your Medicare card by your 65th birthday you need to contact Social Security or call 1-800-Medicare. Make sure you are enrolled in both part A and B unless you are still under a group plan. Also be sure to select your Prescription Drug Plan (part D) even if you do not have prescriptions.

Does  Dave  Ramsey  Recommend  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Daves approach is to eliminate debt and self-insure for extended care. The value proposition of long term care has been questioned long before Dave addressed it. And Internet posting appear to confirm his self-insure approach with a little latitude that there may be exceptions to the rule. Daves debt reduction strategies are renowned for helping people get out of debt and stay on plan.

Who  Buys  Fixed  Annuities?
That is a great question! One of the biggest considerations in selling annuities is the clients aversion to risk. Some people are gamblers by nature, and have a high tolerance for risk. Some are not so tolerant, but are willing to take some chances, if they feel the odds are good, and have a more moderate risk tolerance. Some people are not tolerant at all. They want to know that their investment is ironclad, and know exactly what it will return. Fixed annuities are ideal vehicles for this type of person. There is little risk, and the returns are defined clearly. They are regularly purchased in plans that need to deliver clearly defined returns for that same reason. I hope that helps, thanks for asking!

Will  Insurance  Cover  Me  If  I  Rent  A  Car  From  My  Brother?
Are you renting your brother's pickup for personal or business purpose? If for personal use, your policy will be excess based to your brother policy. For example, if there is an accident, your brother's policy will go first and if limits are exhausted, your insurance will provide coverage on the top of your brother's policy limits. If you rent the truck for the business purpose, make sure you have Hired/Non-Owned coverage endorsement on your business liability coverage or commercial auto policy. This coverage usually runs at $100-$200 per year and provide a great deal of coverage for cars you borrow, rent or hire to use in business. You can compare personal and business liability and auto insurance quotes on WEBSITELINK

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Earth  Movement?
Probably not. It is always best to check with your Insurance Professional and discuss theterms and conditons of your policy, but for the most part , there are two pretty common specific exclusions that can be found in Homeowners' policies. One is an exclusion for any damage to your home or property caused by earth movement and the other is for damage caused by flood. In many cases, you can have earth movement coverage endorsed onto your policy, but coverage for damage caused by flood is only available by purchasing a Flood Insurance policy.

When  Was  Universal  Life  Insurance  Created?
Although there were similar products introduced in the 1970's, most life insurance companies started carrying Universal Life as a part of their portfolio by the early to mid 1980's. The high interest rates offered at that time made them very popular to consumers looking for a return on their life insurance premiums.

Can  You  Remove  Spouse  From  Health  Insurance?
Yes, you can absolutely remove your spouse from your plan. If the spouse happens to be the primary on the plan, there shouldn't be an issue moving you into that primary spot. If the spouse is not primary, then I couldn't imagine any reason at all that there would be an issue.

Does  The  VA  Accept  Medicare?
The VA (Veterans Administration) requires that you receive care at their facilities and with their providers in order to receive VA benefits. Thus, the VA does not accept Medicare, as Medicare only works with Medicare approved facilities and providers. Many veterans use Medicare for their major medical expenses but use VA benefits to fill in the gaps. However, the VA drug plan covers more than Medicare Part D covers.

What  Is  Home  Insurance  Dwelling  Coverage?
Generally speaking, there are three elements included in a Homeowners' Policy. The first is dwelling coverage. This covers damage to the building, your home. The second is Personal Property coverage which covers damage or loss of your personal belongings whether inside or outside of your home. The third is Liability coverage which protects you in the event you do something that causes damage to someone else's property or injury to another person.

Can  I  Cash  Out  My  Life  Insurance?
If there is cash value in your life insurance, and it is of a value more than any loans or fees or surrender charges that would need to be paid, you can cash it out. There are other options for your policy, as well, such as reducing the face amount so that you no longer have to pay premiums on the policy. Or taking a loan from your policy. Or taking dividends as cash. Before you give up a permanent policy that has built up cash value, you should explore these other options.

What  Is  The  Best  Term  Life  Insurance?
The best term life insurance policy is the policy that is scheduled to terminate the day after you die. The company would then pay the full death benefit but will probably have collected the least amount of premium. Unfortunately few in society know the day when they will die. Then you need to select a policy that covers you for the period of time when the need is greatest.

Will  My  Homeowners  Insurance  Increase  After  A  Claim?
It is entirely possible that your Homeowners Insurance may increase upon renewal as a result of claim activity. However, that having been said, it also depends upon the company and cirsumstances of the claim, the type of claim and amount paid for the loss and your long term history with the company. Always check with your insurance porofessional to understand your particular coverage, terms and conditions of the policy.

What  Life  Insurance  Is  The  Best  To  Buy?
Any life insurance agent who would tell you that there is only one best kind of life insurance to buy for every situation, is the kind of agent you should take with a grain of salt. The reason life insurance companies create so many types of policies is partly because of demand. Some products simply accomplish a certain purpose better than others. A reputable life insurance agent will visit with you to help you determine the best type of policy or policies to accomplish your financial goals and protect your loved ones. And in the process of that visit, you may save money by not throwing it after something you don't need or want, too.

What  Is  A  Medicare  Levy?
If you are a senior with a high income (above $85,000 for those filing their tax return as single, above $170,000 for those married filing jointly), you will pay a surcharge in addition to your standard Medicare Part B premium ($104.90 in 2014). The penalty you pay varies depending on your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) from two years prior.

How  To  Choose  A  Medigap  Policy?
There are 10 standardized Medigap Plans (A, B, C, D, F, G, K, L, M, N). Each have their own set of benefits. Plan F and Plan G are the most popular because they offer the most comprehensive health care coverage (with Plan F also offering a High Deductible Plan). It's best to work with an independent agent who specializes in Medicare Supplement insurance. We can explain the benefits of each standardized Medigap Plan and provide you premium information from many insurance companies -- not just the carriers you see online. When I work with Medicare Beneficiaries, they often determine which Medigap Plan they want based on benefits and premium cost. If I can help you with your specific situation, please feel free to contact me.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Self  Storage?
Ten percent of your policy value is available for coverage of items that you own that are not directly on your property up to the limits designated by the policy less your deductible. If you have a 20,000 policy, you would have up to 2,000 of coverage available for your personal items not stored on your property. Please remember every policy and carrier is different. Read your policy completely to know what coverage is provided and what exclusions there may be.

Does  Medicare  Pay  For  Avonex?
Yes, Medicare does pay for Avonex for treatment for Multiple Sclerosis. However, there is a copay, so expenses for Avonex can still be quite high for the insured person with MS. There are some prescription assistance programs that can be used to assist in paying for the copay associated with Avonex. See WEBSITELINK for more information.

Is  Car  Insurance  Cheaper  For  Commute  Or  Pleasure?
Depending on your carrier and your state laws but I have found that with some carriers the rate has no change. However as far as claims go With some carriers if you list it as commute only and then you are taking it for a pleasure drive and have an accident I have seen the carrier try to dispute the claim because it was listed as commute which means that was the only type of usethe auto was being used and then you used it for pleasure and they didn't want to play the claim because it was rated incorrectly. I would talk to you agent or carrier and ask them how they define commute. Most cases it isn't an issue but I wouldn't want to take the risk and have it rated commute when you using pleasure and have an issue when a claim arose

Can  One  Person  Have  Multiple  Life  Insurance  Policies?
A person can own as many Life Insurance policies as they desire if they qualify for the coverage and can pay for them. The biggest problem is that without proper counseling the policy may not fit the need that the person was purchasing the policy for. Many policies are put on the market to meet specific needs and because of the public knowledge a person may buy a policy that they thought meant one type of coverage when in actuality it was completely different coverage. Over my lifetime I have worked with persons who would buy term policies when in their mind they had mixed them up with policies which are paid up early, ie, ten pay life, etc. I have met more than one individual who through the years had bought 10 year term thinking it was like ten pay life and that it would be paid up in ten years. I want to stress here that buying a Life Insurance policy without understanding all of its reasons for existence is like buying any auto with four wheels without knowing anything further. I would also like to point out that most Life Insurance policies have what is called a "policy fee" that is attached to the premium of the policy. What this means is that the company is charging fifty to sixty dollars per year for the administration of that policy and there is no coverage on that amount of the premium. I have had people want several smaller policies to avoid taking a medical. This also can be a mistake since most companies have discounts on the larger amounts of Life Insurance on an individual. In today's life you can find an individual who has knowledge in all fields of finance. If that person is living up to the pledges made to become an agent they will educate the client and help them purchase the proper Life Insurance and investments without sales pressure. A good agent builds clients for a lifetime! Allen D. "Al" Mitchell, Ph.D., CLU, FLMI Author "The Prophets Dollar" second edition.

What  Is  Permanent  Disability  Insurance?
Permanent Disability Insurance could be Long Term Disability Insurance that is set up with a benefit to age 65. Therefore, if a permanent disability is suffered, the policy will pay the benefit until retirement age. In Australia, Total and Permanent Disability (TPD) insurance is a policy that would pay a lump sum if the insured person suffered total and permanent disability.

Can  I  Get  Health  Insurance  For  A  Few  Months?
You can buy health insurance for a few months. You can also buy coverage for one month. Short-term health insurance plans are ideal for individuals or families that only need coverage for a short period of time. Rates are extremely inexpensive and applications are often approved within 24-36 hours. If you are between jobs, laid off, a graduating student, waiting for Medicare benefits to begin or a seasonal worker, a temporary policy may be worth considering. You can purchase the plans easily online from reputable websites or directly through a broker.

Can  A  403B  Be  Rolled  Into  A  401K?
As long as your company allows roll overs into their retirement plan, you can roll your 403b money into that 401k plan. One exception may be if you have previously comingled your 403b funds with another IRA. Your company 401k plan administrator should be able to answer your specific questions. You can also roll your 403b into a traditional IRA or Roth IRA. Here is a link to an IRS rollover chart which shows all the directions retirement money can move. WEBSITELINK

How  To  Get  The  Best  Health  Insurance  Rate?
There are many steps you can take to get the lowest available health insurance rate. Of course, working with an experienced health insurance broker could potentially save a large amount of money and enrollment time. Here's why: The calculation of your federal subsidy is critical to understanding which available plans are best for your specific circumstances, and which plans will be the least expensive. For example, cost-sharing "Silver" Exchange options are a hidden gem that many inexperienced navigators and brokers may not be aware of. Also, if you miss Open Enrollment or need to buy an "off-Exchange" plan, there are specific policies that will work best for you. It's critical to accurately compare prices and understand why certain plans are the best options.

Can  Annuities  Be  Rolled  Over?
In most cases yes. If the annuity is a qualified annuity then you must roll it into a qualified plan or risk being penalized. A non-qualified annuity can be rolled over into a different annuity if the new annuity is more suitable and contains greater advantages than the original annuity.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Getting  Your  Tubes  Tied?
It greatly depends on the type of policy you have, & whether it is deemed medically necessary, or elective. You may be able to pay only co-pays if you have a group policy, or a percentage if you have an individual policy. Many supplemental policies such as Aflac, will actually pay you, a reimbursement, for each day in the hospital, Ambulance transpiration, & other procedures you may go through. Best to have your specific policy reviewed by a professional.

How  Should  I  Buy  Life  Insurance?
The first step in buying life insurance is to determine how much coverage you need, what type of insurance will work best for your needs, and how much it will cost. With life insurance you cannot just pick out the policy with the features that you like. You must qualify medically, and your overall mortality risk (or lack thereof) determines your rate. What company you use and the type of policy you choose also figure into the premium you will pay. So the best way to buy life insurance is to talk to an agent who can help you determine how much you need, explain what types of policies work best for that need, and then shop around to find the best rate for which you qualify. Good life insurance agencies stick with you and guide you through to the time when the policy you want is in your safe, ready to go into action if tragedy strikes. While a life insurance agent is the last person most people wish to consult, in the end, most policies require an agent as the middle person, anyway. Starting out by calling an honest agent can make the process very simple and help you save hundreds of dollars.

What  Medicare  Prescription  Drug  Plan  Is  Best?
There is no universal "best" Part D prescription drug plan. You do want a plan though that "best" suits your needs and objectives. For instance, you want a plan that will provide coverage for prescription drugs that you are already taking, or might be expecting to take due to a condition you currently have. You can check this easily on the Medicare.gov website - Find health & drug plans, which will check a plan formulary (list of covered drugs) for you. You may also want a plan that uses a pharmacy network convenient for you, and a plan that optimally meets your budget and planned usage needs. While Medicare.gov provides the information and ability to enroll online, you may be better served to get assistance from a licensed insurance agent authorized to sell Part D plans.

What  Is  Title  XVIII  Medicare?
Title XVIII Medicare is the national health insurance program in the United States for aged and disabled persons. It was established in 1965. People pay into Medicare through taxes while they are working, then are able to receive the benefits at a very low cost when they turn age 65, or are disabled for two years, or a few other circumstances.

What  Does  Legal  Expenses  Cover  On  Home  Insurance?
In most policies this is a promise by the insurance company to pay up to the limit in the policy any amount of money for which you are liable because of bodily injury or property damage. There are limitations on this coverage and you should check your policy and confirm things with your agent. This coverage includes legal defense.

Does  Aetna  Cover  Flu  Shots?
It depends on what specific policy you have. While many carriers' policies cover flu shots, not every policy under a carrier does. You will need to verify with the carrier or your policy's agent to see if it covers the flu shot at 100%, partial coverage, or not at all. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with any other questions. Thanks very much.

How  Lucrative  Is  Life  Insurance  Sales?
Life insurance sales can be as lucrative as you make it. For myself, as a broker with 32 years of experience in the business, I was always a "first in the office, last one to leave" person. Typically, I have always been a good listener and make certain I know the products from the top insurers. Always explain details to customers and never ask them to buy a product. If they like your offer, they'll let you know. Will this work for you? Try it.

What  Is  Eclipse  Indexed  Life  Insurance?
Eclipse Indexed Universal Life insurance is type of policy offered by Minnesota Life, a subsidiary of Securian Financial Group. Eclipse Indexed Universal Life, like most Indexed Universal Life (IUL) policies, provides for a death benefit while also allowing for the accumulation of cash based on fixed and indexed accounts.

Where  Can  I  Buy  Renters  Insurance  Online?
Renters Insurance can be purchased Online! Renters Insurance is designed to protect tenants from financial loss due to damage or theft of Personal Property and protection from cases of Personal Liability. In order to obtain a quick and free quote for renters insurance, you will need to state the amount of personal property coverage you desire, the personal liability limit and the deductible for the policy. If shopping for the cheapest possible premium, you should request the minimum amount of personal contents coverage that is acceptable to you, the lowest limit of personal liability ($100,000) and the highest available deductible. Once you have the rate quote, you can proceed with the purchase of your renters insurance policy. The link providing an online format to obtain a quote and buy renters insurance online in multiple States may be used directly by Consumers. WEBSITELINK

How  Does  Renters  Insurance  Work?
Renters insurance funtions in many ways much the same as homeowners insurance. This type of policy will provide the insured with liability coverage and personal property coverage. Contact a local agent to discuss your concerns about coverage and they should be able to describe the coverage in detail to help you understand the coverage.

Who  Governs  Annuities?
If youre asking about all annuities, then here are two governing bodies for variable annuities: FINRA and the Department of Insurance. Variable products like variable annuities are registered products and come under the oversight of FINRAs jurisdiction. But because it is an annuity insurance product as well it falls under the department of insurance. Non FINRA annuities are governed by the Department of Insurance in each state.

Will  Home  Insurance  Cover  Termites?
Homeowner policies generally exclude damage arising from "... birds, vermin, rodents, insects or domestic animals." Since termites are insects I would saytheir damage isNOT covered. However the policy language of your policy is the deciding factor. I hope I've answered your question. If not, feel free to call, fax or email me. Kevin P. Foley, CPA, CPCU PFT&K Insurance Brokers T 877-414-2031 F 877-405-3025 E kpfoley[at]kpfoley[dot]com W www[dot]kpfoley[dot]com

How  does  a  claim  work  when  a  driver  hits  a  person  in  a  parking  lot  walking?
The injury, if any, caused by the driver of the car to the pedestrian would be covered under the Bodily Injury Liability portion of your auto policy. This is the portion that protects you for any neglegent action for which you are held legally responsible while you are drving your car.

What  Kind  Of  Insurance  Do  I  Need  On  My  Home?
You need homeowners insurance at minimum. Depending on the geographic location of your home you could also need or want flood insurance. I would also recommend an umbrella policy to provide added liability protection that covers both your home and autos. To ensure that you get the protection you need and want contact your local agent, they will advise you of the coverages available so that you can make a more informed decision.

What  Is  A  Life  Insurance  Wrapper?
A life insurance wrapper is a terrible metaphor for the tax advantaged features of a life insurance policy that allows crediting methods like interest rates, indices and separate subaccounts using equities and bond investments. Life insurance accumulated tax deferred and a TAMRA compliant non modified endowment policy can generate tax free income provided that the life insurance policy is kept in force the life of the insured. The life insurance wrapped around the crediting method is the marketing approach here.

When  Does  Life  Insurance  Payout?
In addition to the helpful information Rich gave, I might add that permanent policies can pay out when the policy matures or endows. That is when the cash value of the policy equals the face amount of the policy. Also, ROP (return of premium) policies can pay back all the premiums paid in, usually when a term policy ends.

How  To  Make  Car  Insurance  Quotes  Cheaper?
A great deal of information used in an auto quote is automated. The program knows who the drivers are in the household, what cars are registered to the address and the losses and driving records are easily obtained. In California we also get the estimated annual mileage for every vehicle. It is very difficult to manipulate the data as so much is public information.

Can  I  Get  Health  Insurance  With  MS?
You can get health insurance with MS. Multiple Sclerosis is a serious disease with many complications. However, under the new ACA legislation, you will not be denied coverage because of the condition. Finding the best policy for your situation is critical and that's why, as an experienced broker, we can find the best plans for you. Consumers that visit our website (see my profile) can compare top-rated plans and also qualify for a federal subsidy during Open Enrollment. The combination of medications and other treatment for MS is very expensive. There are several available plans that will reduce copays and deductibles and make treatment much less expensive. But the best part is that you don't have to answer questions during OPen Enrollment to obtain quality coverage.

Will  Poor  People  Have  To  Buy  Health  Insurance?
The new health care legislation requires everyone to obtain health insurance, but not everyone will pay for health insurance. Starting in 2014 the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act or Obamacare requires every American to have health care. You may not have to pay for health care in you economically demonstrate you cannot pay by means testing. If you elect not to pay for health care, and by means testing can pay, youll be assessed a penalty at the time of filing your taxes.

Why  Is  Florida  Home  Insurance  So  High?
some states have inordinate exposure to dangerous, even sever weather. The peninsula of Florida is exposed to tropical and hurricane conditions every year during the Atlantic hurricane season (June 1 to November 30.) The history impact of these storms has devastating financial ramifications for personal property owners, resulting in higher home insurance premiums.

How  To  Get  Medicare  At  Age  62?
You can indeed qualify for Medicare at age 62 . . . as long as you are totally and permanently disabled under Social Security rules. If you have been disabled and on SSDI for 2 years you qualify for Medicare. If you have ESRD or ALS you can also qualify for SSDI and Medicare at age 62

When  Are  Annuities  Paid?
With the exception of single premium immediate annuities and deferred annuities that are annuitized for the life of the annuitant, annuities generally have maturity contract dates or time certain periods. Annuities contracts that mature can either rollover to another contract period, 1035 exchange to another annuity or take some form of distributions.

How  Does  Auto  Insurance  Work?
That is a great question! Auto insurance is designed to protect you from a number of potential risks. Every driver is expected to have insurance before getting behind the wheel, and the penalties for not doing so are pretty stiff. The costs of the policies can vary widely, based on the coverage package and the amount of deductible that you choose. Thanks for asking!

Can  I  Get  Health  Insurance  With  A  Pre  Existing  Condition  In  Texas?
Starting January 1, 2014, pre-existing conditions will no longer be an issue. You can begin looking at plans now with an effective date of 1/1/14. Also, depending on what the condition is you may be able to look at getting a plan now because not all pre-existing conditions are equal. An independent agent should be able to show you plans from several different top rated carriers.

Can  I  Switch  Medigap  Companies?
In some states, you are allowed to change Medigap plans at any time, without being asked any medical questions. However, in most states, if you are applying outside of your initial enrollment period (six months after you first get Medicare part B), then you will have to qualify medically in order to switch Medigap policies. This means answering health questions on the insurance company application, and usually also involves a phone interview with you and verify your prescription drugs. In most cases, if you answer yes to any of the health questions being asked, you would not be approved by that particular company. That said, not all companies ask the same health questions, so being turned down by one company does not mean you would be turned down everyone.

What  Is  Mortgage  Life  And  Disability  Insurance?
Mortgage Life and Disability Insurance pays the lender monthly mortgage payments during a time of disability on the part of the person who is paying off the mortgage. The payments end when the insured person is no longer disabled. It pays the remainder of the mortgage to the lender if the person purchasing the home should die.

Is  Lunesta  Covered  By  Medicare?
Lunesta is a type of prescription medication, generally used to treat insomnia. Since it's a medication, you would need to look at your Medicare prescription drug coverage (Part C, Medicare Advantage with drug coverage, or your Part D standalone prescription drug plan) formulary to see if it's covered. A formulary is the list of medications covered by your plan.

Should  I  Buy  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  In  My  40s?
Long-term care insurance is kind of like life insurance in the way that you should purchase it as early as possible. If you wait until your health is bad you may not qualify for the insurance. And, none of us know when our health will start going downhill. People might become uninsurable due to sudden and unforeseen events. Do you purchase automobile insurance after an accident? Do you purchase homeowners insurance after your house burns? The answer to both of these questions is no. And, the same is true for long-term care insurance. If you have friends or family that are younger than forty they may want to look into it at a younger age. I just read the answer for Gary Lane, and if you live in California I would recommend you contact him regarding the life insurance with living benefits. As an independent agent in Florida, I have access to at least a couple of those companies, as well. Gary, I would certainly like to talk to you about those companies and products if you are willing to share some information with me. One more thought regarding the best time to purchase insurance, if it is not affordable now when will it be affordable? It does not get cheaper as you get older. It gets more expensive.

How  Are  Premiums  Invested  In  A  Fixed  Annuity?
In a fixed annuity the funds are invested in the general account of the insurance company. These funds are invested so that the company can make the future payments that are promised. Companies often offer alternatives to their fixed account. These range all the way to a variable account where the owner of the annuity can select specific funds.

Does  Rmd  Apply  To  Annuities?
RMDs are required minimum distributions fro a qualified plan that must be generated at age 70 1/2. All qualified retirement accounts are subject to the RMD regulation. This includes annuities in a qualified plan. Tax deferred annuities outside a qualified plan are not subject to the RMD distribution rules.

How  Is  Car  Insurance  Calculated?
There are many factors in determining rates for auto insurance. Age and experience of driver. Driving record. In some states your credit. Type of vehicle, Annual mileage, Coverage's requested. Marital status. Location or garaging address. Occupation. These are just some of the many factors without getting into discounts that are taken into consideration for auto insurance rates.

How  Much  Will  I  Get  If  I  Cash  In  My  Life  Insurance?
If you own Term life insurance, there will be no cash to cash in. However, if you own Return of Premium (ROP) Term, and have held onto the policy long enough, you will be able to get back part or all of the premium you paid in. If you cash in Whole Life or Universal Life, the amount you get back is stated in a current policy illustration. That amount is called the surrender value. You can order a current illustration from your life insurance company or agent.

When  Can  I  Borrow  Against  My  Life  Insurance?
You can borrow from your life insurance when there is enough cash value built up in the policy from which to borrow. You can see this amount by ordering a current illustration of your policy from your life insurance agent who sold you the policy, or from the life insurance company through which the policy was purchased.

What  Is  The  Weight  Limit  For  Health  Insurance?
Under the Afforable Care Act, you cannot be declined for health insurance due to a pre-existing condition or other health-related issue including being overweight. You have the option to secure a bronze, silver, gold, or platinum level plan - please note, not every carrier offers a plan under each level (e.g. company XYZ may only offer bronze, silver, and gold plans, but not platinum plans). Individuals under age 30 also have the option of securing a catastrophic plan. If you qualify for a subsidy, you would want to look into plans ON the health insurance exchanges. If you don't qualify for one, you may want to look into plans OFF the exchanges as you will generally have more options available to you. I always recommend consulting with an experienced broker if you're looking for coverage or want to review your existing insurance to see if a better option is available. We have an in-depth knowledge of products from many different carriers and can help you determine the plan that's going to best serve your needs and your budget. Please let me know if I can be of further assistance. Thanks very much.

Can  You  Switch  Homeowners  Insurance  At  Any  Time?
Switching homeowner's insurance is relatively easy to do and most times, you can change at a date that is suitable to you. The biggestconcernis whether the new company will accept your application. Assuming you have few or no claims, and meet their underwriting guidelines, you should be able to switch. Just as importantly is the issue of whether it is a good idea to change. As an independentbroker, that's part of our job is todetermineif making a change makes good financial sense for you. If not, you should stay put.

Can  Roth  IRA  Be  Used  As  Collateral?
I have not heard of a ROTH IRA being used as Collateral however, I suppose you might be able to put together a "collateral assignment" which means upon death, the unpaid collateral will be taken out of the value the ROTH is as the time of death with the remaining balance going to your heirs. I would have to do more research to be sure this would hold up as a contract however. You might be better off getting a small life insurance policy to cover that debt if that is indeed what you are covering.

How  Are  Life  Insurance  Dividends  Taxed?
Great question! The IRS considers dividends paid to you to be an overpayment of premiums, and as such, aren't taxed. You paid taxes on the money for the premiums that you paid , so basically you were just "over paying". That said, there can be situations where you would have to pay taxes if you take out loans and your policy lapses, but as long as it stays within the policy, you are fine. need more detail? feel free to contact me, I'm happy to help. Thanks for asking!

Who  Should  Get  Variable  Life  Insurance?
That is a great question! Variable life insurance policies are a very different type of life insurance , andare definitely not for everyone. In a term or whole life policy, the cost of the insurance is built in to the premium price, and so the only way they would end prematurely is if you stopped making payments. In variable life policies, the cost of the insurance is paid, or not paid, by the performance of the stock market. Instead of the safety of a steady , known payment, a variable policy is tied to the stock market, and as it varies, so does the policy's value, length of coverage, and your premium payment amount. This type of policy is best suited for someone with a high risk tolerance, who can afford to make larger payments if needed, and who is willing to monitor closely the policy's value. I hope that helps, thanks for asking!

Can  I  Get  Disability  Insurance  If  Already  Pregnant?
Can you get disability insurance if you are already pregnant? Yes, but not for the pregnancy. It is possible to get disability insurance while pregnant, but disability insurance plans use a pre-existing condition clause in the policy to prevent a person from going on immediate claim when they purchase the policy.

How  Much  Renters  Insurance  Should  I  Require?
If you are asking as a landlord, any renters insurance that a tenant has is better than no renters insurance coverage. Most companies offer 100000 of liability coverage as a default but in most cases that limit can be raised without a lot of cost difference. I would suggest contacting a local agent as a starting point to discuss your coverage concerns and what products they may have available within your area. If you wish to protect yourself better from legalities I would recommend consulting with a local attorney.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Identity  Theft?
It will depend on the policy, but most companies offer identity theft protection now a days for an additional premium. The best thing to do would be check your policy or contact your local agent and see if that is included and if not see if your company offers that.

Why  Do  I  Pay  So  Much  For  Car  Insurance?
That's really a personal question. Your rate for auto insurance is determined by many factors. Some of those factors are your motor vehicle record, your claims history, your age, your geographic location, themake/model and year of the vehicle you are insuring, the number of vehicles on the policy, the number of drivers on the policy, and many other factors. If you believe that you are paying too much for your coverage call around and see what other carriers in your area have to offer, but remember that you get what you pay for sometimes.

How  Much  Does  A  Medicare  Supplement  Plan  Cost?
The cost or monthly premium of a Medicare Supplement Plan can vary widely depending on what state you live in, how old you are and your smoking status. In some cases what part of the state you live in will vary the cost of a Medicare Supplement Plan. It also depends on which plan you want. All Medicare Supplement Plans will have a letter (i.e. Plan F, Plan J, Plan G and so on) and any plan that does not have a letter is not a Medicare Supplement. The best way to find out what a Medicare Supplement Plan would cost you is to run a quote on our website at SummitMedigap.com. You will be able to compare Medicare Supplement Plans instantly online. We can also help answer all of your questions and help you decide on the best plan for your specific needs. You can also reach us at 1-888-407-8664.

Can  Life  Insurance  Companies  Cancel  Your  Policy  If  You  Get  Kidney  Failure?
One of the benefits of life insurance is that you do not have to keep qualifying for it over and over again. Once you have the policy, it is yours to keep, and as long as you keep paying premiums, no one can take it away from you for any reason.

What  Kind  Of  Health  Insurance  Does  The  Military  Have?
Active military and National Guard are covered by TRICARE, a health care program for service members and their families around the world. TRICARE is the major part of the Military Health System, a system that utilizes combined resources of military hospitals and clinics with civilian health care networks, as well as a combination of different coverage options depending on where the person is currently stationed. TRICARE coverage does meet the requirements for having minimum essential benefits as called for under the Affordable Care Act.

How  Much  Does  Medicare  D  Cover?
This is a good question. Medicare part D or prescription drug plans cover certain amounts depending on your specific drugs. My clients normally give me their drugs and ask to find a plan (part D or C) that will save them the most money depending on what drugs they have. This is important for your broker / agent to do because they should be able to determine if you will end up in the donut hole (coverage gap) where you end up paying more for your meds later in the year.

Does  Costco  Offer  Health  Insurance?
I don't work for Costco, but I imagine they offer group health insurance to their employees. Costco is not an insurance company and therefore does not openly sell individual health insurance policies to their customers. If you're an individual looking for health insurance, you should consult with an independent insurance broker to find a health plan that's right for you.

How  Much  Does  Disability  Insurance  Cost?
Disability insurance depends on a number of factors. The cost (your premium) is based on a number of factors - the most important being your medical history, your job, and your income - and the policies are very customizable. This is a very important type of coverage to have that many don't think about and not something you want to be cheap about. It protects one of your greatest assets - your ability to work. If you can't work because of an injury or illness, how do you provide income for you and your family. The answer? Your disability insurance. When you're buying a disability policy, the MOST important factor in the policy structure is the DEFINITION OF DISABILITY. Each policy will use 1 of the 3 definitions: 1) True Own Occupation - this says you are considered totally disabled if, solely due to injury or sickness, you are not able to perform the material and substantial duties of your occupation, even if you are at work in another occupation. In short, this is the most favorable definition you can have. 2) Modified Own Occupation - this says that you are considered totally disabled if, solely due to injury or sickness, you are not able to perform the material and substantial duties of your occupation. This one is commonly seen in many individual disability insurance policies. 3) Gainful Occupation - this says if you are unable to perform the duties of your occupation or any occupation for which you are qualified for by education, training, or experience due to sickness or injury. In short, this is the least favorable definition. This one is commonly seen in group disability insurance policies through an employer and property and casualty insurers that offer disability coverage. There are many moving parts to disability insurance and is not something I would suggest trying to buy on your own - this is a type of coverage you should consult with an experienced independent disability insurance broker about. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help with your coverage and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

How  To  Get  Cheap  Car  Insurance  At  17?
Need cheap car insurance at age 17? One of the most important things to do is to shop and compare different rates from multiple carriers. Prices can vary by as much as 50%, depending on the insurer that you are using. Utilize all discounts, including good student, multi-policy and any other offered reductions. A broker will handle all of this for you at no cost. LIVE answer provided by: Ed Harris - Premier car insurance broker for 33 years and owner of several top-rated auto insurance websites.

Can  I  Add  A  Non  Family  Member  To  My  Car  Insurance?
That is going to depend on the carrier that you are applying for auto coverage with. Many carriers would prefer that other drivers in the household that are not directly related have their own insurance policy, but some will accept other drivers being on the same policy even if they are not related as long as they reside in the same premise as the insured. Contact a local agent to find out about coverage availability and pricing in your area.

Can  I  Cash  In  My  Life  Insurance  Policy?
A policy owner may cancel life insurance. The coverage will cease. If it is a term policy, there is no cash value to cash in. Permanent life insurance may have a cash surrender value if it has been in force for a few years. If the policy has more cash surrender value than the cumulative net premiums paid in, the difference is gain which is subject to income tax.

How  Is  Auto  Insurance  Rated?
Auto insurance is rated based on many factors. Some of the more common factors are, geographic location, age, driving record, marital status, number of drivers in the household, and credit rating just to mention a few. When shopping for your auto insurance always remember price isn't everything. Use a local agent that you are comfortable with, remember they are going to be first and last line when it comes to a claim or assisting with your coverage.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Attic  Mold?
Generally NO. Property insurance does not cover problems that occur over time. And mold in the attic or anywhere is the result of long term unremediated moisture exposure and considered a maintenance issue. Some insurers provide limited mold remediation subsequent to a covered water claim but no stand alone coverage for the mold issue itself. Check with your insurance professional for a detailed explanation.

Is  it  common  for  landlords  to  be  interested  parties  on  tenants'  renter's  insurance?
As astute landlord will require that a tenant provide liability insurance and name the landlord as an additional insured. The liability insurance is normally contained in a renters policy. This makes it easy to handle a claim. Without this clause the claimant could sue both the tenant and the landlord.

How  Long  Will  It  Take  To  Get  Health  Insurance?
This will depend on the type of insurance sought. Some insurance policies will be effective next day, while others are the first of the next month. Answers to some basic health questions will start the process toward determining which type of plan may work best for you. For help feel free to call me at 913-279-0077.

What  Does  Medicare  Approved  Mean?
Any time you have a claim, Medicare must approve the medical necessity of that claim and the amount they will pay. If a claim is not approved Medicare will not pay. Medicare when paying claims has a set payment they will approve for a specific procedure based on how that procedure is billed. Medicare will only pay 80% of that approved amount for Part B covered charges. A doctor cannot bill for more than 15% of the Medicare approved charges. Some states like Ohio do not allow the 15% excess charges. A doctor who accepts Medicare cannot balance bill for more than the approved amount.

How  Do  Annuities  Work  When  You  Die?
After you make a contribution into an annuity, the value grows tax deferred. This is one of the key reasons that people invest in annuities. If you have had money invested in an annuity for a period of time there may be a large amount of deferred income. When you die your beneficiary will receive the proceeds and will have to pay income taxes on the amount of the deferred income. There is a spousal exemption to this however, so if your beneficiary is your spouse they will have the option of continuing the deferral.

Does  Auto  Insurance  Have  To  Be  In  Your  Name?
In Illinois, the vehicle one is driving must be insured or a fine may be imposed. So in that regard, no, the policy does not need to be in your name. However if you own the vehicle you are likely going to be legally responsible for any incident involving its use, so you would certainly want to be named on the insurance contract.

Can  A  Deferred  Annuity  Be  Surrendered?
Can a deferred annuity be surrendered? Short answer is yes, but before deciding to surrender you need to check to see if there are any surrender penalties involved. In many cases annuities can have a ten year long surrender window. Also there may be tax implications in the surrender depending on how long you've had it and if you're liquidating vs. transferring.

What  Is  The  Cost  Of  Medigap  Insurance?
The cost of a Medigap policy depends on which Medigap policy you want to apply for, your age, gender, tobacco usage (if any), your zip code, and whether you're married and applying together (for household discounts - available from some carriers). In short, an average cost figure doesn't mean much to the individual as the premiums can differ widely depending on where you are around the country and the other aforementioned factors. You want to compare prices from multiple companies when you're shopping because Medigap plans are standardized, meaning the benefits are exactly the same regardless of who you buy it from - the price is the only difference. You should consult with an independent agent who can shop your case among multiple companies and offer you the desired Medigap plan at the lowest possible cost. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help, including quotes and plan comparisons, and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

How  Much  Will  Whole  Life  Insurance  Cost  Me?
The cost of any life insurance policy depends on factors such as age of the person being insured, whether the applicant has health problems or other risk factors, tobacco use, and amount of coverage desired. That being said, Whole Life insurance usually costs considerably more than Term insurance because it is designed to last until death and to create some cash value. In some situations involving very poor health, advanced age, or when a very small face amount is desired, Whole Life can cost less than Term (if Term is available at all in that situation). It is imperative to use a reputable agent or agency who will show you what you can get in your price range and help you weigh out the type and amount of coverage to get to best suit your needs.

What  Is  Gerber  Life  Insurance  For?
Gerber Life Insurance started in 1967 as a way of helping children and families protect their future through life insurance. They offer policies for babies, youths, adults, and seniors. One plan is specifically aimed at providing cash value to pay for college, and their Guaranteed Life plan is designed for final expenses. However, any of their plans can be used for any purpose that fits the needs of the insured.

When  To  Buy  Home  Insurance  When  Buying  A  House?
If you are buying a house, and if you are obtaining mortgage financing to do so, either your Mortgage Broker or your Attorney will provide you with a list of required items that the bank will need in order to schedule your closing. One of the primary items on that list will be a requirement to show proof of insurance on your home beginning at least the date of the closing. More than likely you will also be required to show proof that you have paid the first year's premium for the insurance in full. The best advice is to contact your Insurance Professional about the property purchase as soon as you can after having your offer accepted by the seller. It is never a good idea to wait until the last minute.

How  Much  Life  Insurance  Do  I  Need  And  What  Kind?
The amount and type of life insurance you need depends on what you want your life insurance to accomplish. If it is for a temporary need such as getting your kids through college or paying off your house, a Term policy is a reasonably priced way of getting that amount of coverage. If you want to pay for your funeral, a smaller, Whole Life or Guaranteed No Lapse Universal Life policy would be a better choice. You should work with an agent you trust to consider your needs, and who will shop among multiple choices to find your best price for the best policy to suit those needs.

Can  Roommates  Share  Renters  Insurance?
Most renters policies identify a primary insured. A secondary insured (roommate) can also be named. The payment for the policy can be handled any way that the customers desire. There are certain legal privileges extended to the primary insured.

How  To  Evaluate  Health  Insurance  Plans?
Obamacare has eliminated most competition in SC and with the regulations of the plans all plan choices are the same. However, deductibles, copays, and coinsurance are the key factors in evaluating the affordability and the value of the plan to each individual or family. ACA plans that are not on the federal exchange such as United Health One have some differences like an HSA plan that is not available on the exchange. Now, you can step outside of the approved Obamacare guidelines and find a plan that offers great protection at a lower premium while accepting the penalty imposed by the Feds for that "terrible" decision. For more information on truly affordable plans outside of Obamacare call Ron Hinch, The Hinch Financial Group @ 843-450-9879'

When  Can  You  Sign  Up  For  Medicare  Part  A?
You can sign up for Medicare Part A in the three months before your 65th birthday, the month of your 65th birthday, or the three months after your 65th birthday. if you are receiving Social Security benefits when you turn 65, you will be automatically enrolled in Medicare Part A and B.

How  To  Claim  Disability  Insurance  Benefits?
To claim disability insurance benefits, first of all, review your policy and become re-acquainted with its features. Also review the list of qualifying causes of disability, so that you can see if you indeed have a claim. Your policy will spell out how to file a claim. Be sure to follow the instructions and keep copies of everything. Keep notes if you speak on the phone with representatives with the insurance company. Ask your doctor to assist you by spelling out your condition in medical record notes.

Will  Medicare  Pay  As  A  Secondary?
The only time I am aware that Medicare is secondary is when you are covered under and employer group health plan if there are more than 20 full time employees. I always advise people in that situation to take out the Part A of Medicare and delay getting both Part B and Part D until you retire or come off your employer's group health plan. You do not need Part B or Part D as long as you are covered under an employer plan. The Part B premium this year for new people enrolling in Medicare is $121.80 and you don't need Part B if you are covered by your employer since the employer coverage is primary. You can go ahead and enroll in Part A of Medicare because it is free.

How  Much  Is  It  For  Life  Insurance?
How much life insurance costs depends on a number of factors including your age, health, smoking status, "dangerous" hobbies, etc. There are many online quoting services where you can check out the rates for different types of insurance. For your specific needs, working with a independent insurance broker, who has access to several companies can help you get the right policy at the right price. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me. If you would like to work with a local life insurance broker, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: life insurance broker Halifax or life insurance agent Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find a life insurance broker in your community..

What  Does  Contingent  Mean  On  Life  Insurance?
If you are referring to a "contingent" beneficiary, it is simply the "second" beneficiary named, so that if something quite unfortunate occurred to the primary beneficiary, the contingent would be the recipient of the proceeds. Initially, when you apply for a life insurance policy (or other contracts), these would be named.

What  Are  The  Top  Rated  Term  Life  Insurance  Companies?
There's hundreds and hundred's of life insurance companies in the marketplace and there are many carriers that have a superior financial rating ("A", "A+", or "A++" rating). Some of the big name companies with superior ratings that feature competitive rates in the term life insurance marketplace are Banner Life, MetLife, American General, Lincoln National, Genworth, Ohio National, Principal National, just to name a few. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

How  Much  Is  The  Average  Cost  Of  Home  Insurance?
Average is relative to the person using the term. That being said I would say the average homeowners policy in my area is about $1000/yr. I have seen policies as low as about $400/yr. Contact your local agent and they can advise you of the coverages available within your area and the costs associated with them.

Can  Disability  Insurance  Be  Garnished?
While Disability Insurance may be exempt from garnishment in your state, if your funds are comingled with your other funds in your bank account, it is possible for your bank account to be garnished. So it is a good idea to set up a separate bank account for your Disability benefits. If you are ordered by the court to pay child support, or have unpaid bills, then your Disability Insurance proceeds may be subject to garnishment.

Can  You  Borrow  From  Your  Retirement  Plan?
Most qualified plans have borrowing provisions for plan participants. There is usually an interest charge as well as a payback schedule. Borrowing money fro your plan may restrict your ability to transfer funds to another plan or termination of your plan until it's paid off. Tapping your retirement plan should be the last source of money you look to.

What  Is  The  Retirement  Plan  For  A  Congressman?
Before 1984, Members of Congress received pensions that were based upon the Civil Service Retirement System. This is the same system used by other Federal employees. Members of Congress did not participate in the Social Security system. They were not eligible for social security benefits based upon their pay as Members of Congress. In 1983 Members of Congress and other federal employees, who were first hired after 1983, were integrated into the Social Security System. Starting in 1984 all Members of Congress started participating in the Social Security System regardless of when they first entered Congress. Only those on the federal payroll prior to 1984 continue to participate in the Civil Service Retirement System. New Members of Congress since 1984 have participated in both Social Security and a new retirement program called the Federal Employees Retirement System. A Member of Congress can decline coverage in this program. Members elected prior to 1984 had the option of remaining on the Civil Service Retirement System or opting for the new Federal Employees Retirement System. The Civil Service Retirement program was not designed to be integrated with Social Security. The contributions and benefits from this program are much higher. When these benefits are combined with Social Security they can become substantial. Members of Congress can be covered under one of four different programs: 1. Full coverage under Social Security and the old Civil Service Retirement System. 2. An offset plan which includes both Social Security and the Civil Service Retirement System but the amount contributed to the CSRS is reduced by the amount paid into Social Security. 3. The Federal Retirement System and Social Security 4. Social Security alone. The pensions for Members of Congress are financed through a combination of contributions from the Congressman and from the Federal Governmenttheir employer. When they pay Social Security payroll taxes they pay the standard 6.2% required of other employees. If they remained in the Civil Service Retirement System they pay an additional 7% of their pay. If they opted for the Federal Retirement System they pay an additional .8% of their pay. When they retire a Member of Congress can receive benefits in much the same way other federal employees do. They can file for and receive benefits under Social Security and they can apply for benefits under the retirement program they have adopted. The retirement benefit itself is based upon reaching at least age 62 and is a function of years of service and income in the highest three years of covered salary. The benefit generated under the Civil Service Retirement System is much greater than the benefit under the Federal Retirement System. By law, the benefit paid to a Member of Congress cannot exceed eighty percent of the final pay of the Member of Congress. There are around 500 Members of Congress drawing pensions today. Their average pension in 2006 was under $35,000. Members of Congress who elect an immediate annuity can also maintain the health insurance that they had as federal employees. Members of Congress that elect the FERS program are also eligible for a thrift savings program in which contributions are matched to a certain level.

At  What  Age  Can  You  Go  On  Medicare?
You can go on Medicare at age 65. If you have been disabled for two years you can go on Medicare at that time, regardless of your age. You may be able to go on Medicare prior to age 65 if you have end stage renal disease or have Lou Gherig's disease, under certain conditions.

When  Can  You  Sign  Up  For  Medicare  B?
You can sign up for Medicare Part B at the same time that you sign up for Medicare Part A, or you can wait to sign up for Part B until you have stopped working and no longer have group coverage. If you are receiving Social Security benefits, you will be signed up for Part A and B automatically just before your 65th birthday.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Me  If  I  Move?
The standard renters insurance policy form, the HO-4, often contains language giving you 30 days of coverage at both your old home and your "newly acquired principal residence." However, it's important to inform your insurance agent of the move. If you move to a lower risk area, doing so may even save you a few dollars. Since insurance policies vary by individual state laws, if you move between states your insurance agent will write a new policy for the new state and transfer money you've pre-paid to the new policy. Be aware that not all renters insurance policies are written on the HO-4 form. For example, the HO-BT policy form which is specific to Texas renters insurance will cover the personal property at each location only based on the proportion of the total property which is at that location. The HO-BT also provides the lesser of $1,000 or 10% of the total personal property coverage for property in transit between your old home and your new one.

Does  My  Home  Insurance  Cover  My  TV?
Your standard HO3 Homeowner policy will provide coverage for personal property/contents such as your standard household tv unless you have specifically excluded contents coverage all together. Be careful to review your personal property/contents limit on your individual policy as the amount may vary from one year/one policy to the next. You may wish to refer to your specific policy for any additional endorsements or exclusions that may apply.

Why  Is  It  A  Good  Idea  To  Have  Renters  Insurance?
Renters insurance provides protection for your belongings should you have something terrible happen, such as a fire, water damage, or a break in. The insurance will help provide the money to replace the value of what was lost. Without it, the cost of replacing your tv, computer, etc. is all yours.

Can  You  Have  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  And  Medicaid?
Yes, you can have Long Term Care Insurance and Medicaid at the same time. When you have both, Medicaid is the secondary payer and your private Long Term Care policy is the primary payer for your long term care costs. it not common for persons to receive both, but it is possible.

What  Is  The  Average  Cost  Of  A  Whole  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Whole Life Insurance is going to take into consideration all the same factors as a term or Universal Life policy! Whole life is going to be more expensive than term because of the factors of building cash value in the policy. I believe your best option is to contact an experienced agent to review your needs to assess what would be the best amount and product to go with. Keep in mind one of the most important things to consider is your policy having Living Benefits within the policy you choose!

Is  Buying  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  A  Good  Idea?
Most advisers begin addressing long term care insurance to their clients around age 50. But the purchasing trend of long term care appears to be around age 60. However, if youre family has a predisposition to disease, chronic hospitalization or nursing home confinement when theyre old, you may want to consider long term care insurance when youre young and healthy. You should purchase long term care for your retirement years. The statistics are significant that youll experience a need for assisted living or perhaps nursing home confinement. The average married couple spends $250,000 on medical and extended care during their retirement years. Securing long term care is important, especially when youre healthy and heading into your late fifties, early sixties.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Leaky  Roofs?
There are circumstances where Homeowners Insurance may cover the damage caused by water leakage through a roof. It is best to check with your Insurance Professional, of course, about the specific terms and conditions of your policy. If the roof is compromised or damaged by a covered peril, say a severe windstorm for example, then if rain water leaks in and damages the interior of your home, you will probably have coverage. Likewise, and as was the case again this past winter in CT, if you have interior water damage that is caused by "Ice damming" which is a sever build up of ice forming at the lower edge of your roof, that then forces melted water up under your roofing material, there will also be coverage. These are only two examples, so again talk to your Insurance Professional.

How  Many  People  Own  Life  Insurance?
This stats are taken from LIMRA: Thirty percent of U.S. households have no life insurance at all; only 44 percent have individual life insurance. Fifty percent of U.S. households (58 million) say they need more life insurance. The average amount of coverage for U.S. adults has declined to (167,000), down $30,000 from the average coverage in 2004. While 4 in 10 households with children under 18 now include a mother who is either the sole or primary earner for her family yet, among women who have life insurance, their coverage is only 69 percent of the average coverage on men.

Why  Is  Life  Insurance  More  Expensive  For  Males?
For some reason (scientist and sociologists will say for a number of reasons), the life expectancy for females is longer than for males. Since life insurance premiums are based on actuarial tables and the probability of death at different ages, the cost of life insurance for males is more expensive than for females of the same age.

Is  It  Worth  Getting  Critical  Illness  Insurance?
If you have a critical illness in your future, and will have received a lump sum of money to get you through that process of treatment and (hopefully) recovery, you will have thought it is worth it. No one knows the future. To some, having the knowledge that such a benefit would be provided if they are diagnosed with a life threatening illness, is worth it. To others, that is not such a big deal. Whether it is worth getting critical illness insurance or not is really a person decision. That being said, there are many more survivors of critical illnesses now than in the past. So it is a risk worth considering.

Is  American  Income  Life  Insurance  Legitimate?
Yes. American Income Life Insurance is a legitimate company. They have been around for a while. I heard about them approximately 8 years ago when they attempted to recruit me as a life insurance agent. You can also enter their name into your favorite search engine to find out more information about the company.

How  Does  Obamacare  Hurt  Medicare?
That is a great question! There is an awful lot of misinformation, political manipulation , and muddying of the facts, so it's really hard to see exactly what is going on. There are some good and bad things that the ACA does with its association with Medicare, and I'll let you decide which is which. First off is you do not have any changes to your current plan, nor is it even legal for someone to tell you that you have to drop your current plan and try to enroll youin the marketplace. All current plans are grandfathered. One thing the ACA does is close the "donut hole" in coverage in Medicare part D. It will eventually phase out the patient cost until it becomes just the usual co-pay, increasing the likelihood that seniors will be able to afford their medications. It also expands coverage by making checkups and wellness visits (preventative care) not subject to deductible or co-pays. It does have cuts of $716 billion to the Medicare, mostly in the MedicareAdvantage plans that are run by private insurers. We are told that those cuts are to come from reduction in fraud, provider overpayments, and administration overhead. We are also told that the money from those cuts are being reinvested into the Medicare system, and that those reinvestments are expected to keep Medicare's trust fund solvent until 2029, an extra 12 years. It will also make cuts to hospitals that have higher return rates of patients by cutting the Medicare payments to those hospitals that are providing the least quality care. ( Interestingly enough, that was a lead story on our news channel tonight, measuring the number of patients who returned to their hospital after treatment for infections that they got while in the hospital before their release.) Those are the bare bones of what the effects are supposed to be. How it will actually play out is anyone's guess. Thanks for asking!

What  State  Does  Not  Need  Auto  Insurance?
As far as I know every state requires auto insurance. Why would you not want auto insurance is a better question? In PA you are requires to 15/30 for BI, 5 in PD, 5 in Med, but there is no reason you should have coverage that low. For a few dollars more you can have solid coverage and it's not worth risking everything you on over an accident.

Can  You  Drive  Without  Car  Insurance  In  Colorado?
Driving without car insurance in not a smart idea. Colorado requires drivers to carry insurance limits of $25,000 per per person, $50,000 per accident for bodily injury, and $15,000 per occurrence of property damage liability. If you get caught driving without insurance, the police can arrest you and impound your car. The court can impose additional fines and requirements, or restrict your ability to drive. Contact a local agent to discuss your auto insurance needs. If you cannot afford full coverage, let them know that. It is better to have the state minimum requirements and be able to pay for the coverage, then no coverage at all. Let us know if their is anything we can assist you with!

How  Much  Does  The  Average  Person  Pay  For  Life  Insurance?
The cost of Life insurance is dependent upon your health, vocation, smoking status and coverage period of your Survivor's need for cash upon your death. Term plans are very inexpensive because very few insureds die during the coverage period. Permanent plans are more expensive because 100% of the Surviving beneficiaries will receive its death benefit. Company Actuaries determine the rates for coverages using statistical information matching risk of death of an insured during the coverage period of the plan.

Does  Geico  Offer  Disability  Insurance?
No, Geico does not offer Disability Insurance. To obtain a Disability Insurance quote, contact a Life Insurance or Disability Insurance office or website that can shop several companies to find your best quote. Long Term Disability Insurance is offered through a number of companies, and these agencies can help you find the one that has your most affordable option.

What  Is  A  1035  Exchange  From  Life  Insurance  To  An  Annuity?
A 1035 exchange is an IRS code section that allows a tax free transfer of cash vales from one annuity policy to another annuity policy or a life insurance policy to an annuity policy. This is also an opportunity to transfer basis in a policy as well for future use. You cannot use section 1035 to transfer cash values from an annuity policy to a life insurance policy.

How  Does  One  Get  Disability  Insurance?
Besides getting Disability Insurance from a local agent, you can find a trusted website that will shop multiple carriers for you. E.g. Our agency uses Disability Insurance Services to find the best quotes and companies for our clients. If you look your policy through a personal website that treats you well, they can serve you for many years to come. Many people find that online agencies are more prompt in answering service requests than contacting their original agent. But of course, both options are good.

What  Is  The  Penalty  For  Not  Having  Car  Insurance  In  Alabama?
Generally speaking the penalty is revocation of your driver's license. This will typically take place if you do not provide the DMV with proof of insurance, typically done with form SR-22. If you lapse coverage without having additional coverage established the insurer will typically notify the DMV as they are legally required to do. The DMV will then begin revocation if you cannot provide proof of insurance.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Mouse  Damage?
Your homeowners policy contains exclusions. One of the common exclusions for property damage is damage caused by birds, vermin, rodents, insects or domestic animals. However, if the damage is hidden and causes a collapse of all or part of a building, the company will normally pay.

How  To  Apply  For  Social  Security  Disability  Insurance?
To apply for Social Security Disability Insurance you must contact your local social security office. You should also make sure that you are eligible for social security disability, the requirements are: 1. You must have been disabled for at least five months 2. You must have a disability that is expected to last one year or more, or result in your death 3. You must be unable to perform the material and substantial duties of any occupation for which you are appropriately trained and/or licensed.

Does  Life  Insurance  Work  After  You  Die?
Actually life insurance was designed to work after your death. There are several types of life insurance policies with lots of riders that pay for lots of afflictions and uses. The one thing that all types of life insurance policies have in common is that they all pay a death benefit to your named beneficiary. So to answer your question, yes life insurance begins to work upon your death by paying the proceeds to your beneficiary tax free.

Which  Health  Insurance  Covers  Hearing  Aids?
It is best to approach the need for hearing aidsbeing covered byhealth insurance coverage with very low expectations. While there are variations from state to state and from one health insurance carrier to the next, asa general rule it is probably best to start out with the assumption that hearing aids will not be covered. Then do your homework on your policy or the ones you are considering when it comes to coverage or non-coverage for such devices. In my experience, coverage for hearing aids in individual major medical plans has been and still is an excluded coverage. The same is true for fully insured group policies that I have been familiar with. Sometimes, a self-insured employer may include coverage for hearing aids in their plan designs but even this is rare in my experience. Oddly enough, this appears to have been a coverage area overlooked by the Affordable Care Act as well (a head scratcher when you consider all the other things they mandated coverage for). There are stand alone specialty insurance products that individuals and groups can purchase that provide some coverage for hearing aids so it is possible that some people can address their needs in this manner. I am responding with just ordinary hearing loss and hearing aid issues in mind. The issues can get much more complicated in the cases of infants with issues from birth and the growing use of cochlear implants where arguments over medical necessity are much easier to get into.

Does  Medicare  Have  Copays?
Original Medicare Part A & B do not come with Co-Pays. You are, however, responsible for deductibles and co-insurance. Co-pays are mostly associated with Medicare Advantage Plans and Prescription Drug Plans. The co-pays do have a wide range from one Plan to the next, so it is always a good idea to review the Outline of Coverage for the Plan you have or may be considering. If you have a Medigap Plan (also known as Medicare Supplement insurance), there is one standardized plan that does have co-pays. With Plan N, the customer is responsible for co-pays for doctor visits. The co-pay will not be more than $20 for an office visit. Plan N also requires a $50 co-pay for an emergency room visit. This co-pay is waived if you are admitted into the hospital.

Does  Suze  Orman  Recommend  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Yes, Suze Orman recommends long-term care insurance. In fact, she is the primary caregiver for her mother who lives with her in Florida. In an article written forSun Times Media, LLC, dated Sept. 4, 2012, she relates how difficult it has been taking care of her mother. Although Suze Orman had - and still has - the means from her business to take care of the costs of long-term care insurance, she reports that she tried and tried to get her mother to sign off on an LTCi application, but she refused to do it. Her mother said she wouldn't ever need it and that it would be a waste ofmoney. It costs approximately $25,000/month for Suze to keep her mother at home and have the best quality care around the clock. That's about average for 24/7 home care with skilled nursing. If Suze's mom were to go into a Nursing Facility, the cost would be much less, but would still be from $7,000 - $12,000 per month, depending on whether she had a semi-private or private room. Suze indicated that as a young professional financial advisor, she saw "clients who would spend all the money that they had earned over a lifetime on a long-term care stay." She advised that, "If you can afford LTC insurance and you are in your early 50s or older, now is the time to look into getting it." But, she also cautions that if you can't, "...dont buy it because you will end up dropping it and wasting your money." She concludes her article with the irony of her own personal situation with regard to buying long-term care insurance. "Over the years, I have had some health problems that are fine today. But, when I went to get my own LTC insurance policy two years ago I was denied for recent health reasons. If I had just gone one year earlier, that would not have been the case." (Suze Orman donated her fee for writing the article to Blue Planet Network, which aims to bring sustainable safe drinking water to people in rural communities around the world; blueplanetnetwork.org.)

How  To  Deduct  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  From  Taxes?
Very generally speaking, if you are an individual who is paying your own long term care premiums, you would add the premiums to your other medical expenses for that year, and itemize those medical expenses as you would normally do. If you are self employed, you are allowed to deduct 100% of your long term care premiums as a business expense. There are many additions and variations of this, but this is how to deduct long term care insurance in two situations.

Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Shingles?
Shingles is an awful disease and often adults will get Shingles later in life. The recovery time is longer than you expect and it is certainly a disease to avoid if possible. About half of the population gets Shingles before they turn 80. Homeowner's insurance, of course, does not pay for it. However, if you are referring to shingles on your roof...yes, if part of an approved claim, they are covered! Obviously, if your roof is damaged in a tornado, you may need new shingles. Not the disease though.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Wind  Damage  To  The  Roof?
Generally speaking, your homeowners insurance will coverage wind damage. There are instances where this won't be the case, but there would normally be a specific exclusion in your policy that says it doesn't cover wind damage. I would recommend speaking to an insurance professional to ensure that the damage will be covered by your policy.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  If  I  Have  Had  A  Stroke?
Getting life insurance after having a stroke is challenging, but usually can be done. If the stroke has been over two years ago, there are a number of simplified issue policies that will offer coverage. If the stroke was within one or two years, guaranteed issue policies will cover stroke, if available in your state. Most of these types of policies have a minimum issue age of 40-50 years old. For simplified issue, you must be able to do ADL's indpendently; for guaranteed issue, you do not. If the stroke was very mild and not repeat problems, some medically underwritten policies are available. Consult an agent or agency experienced in impaired risk life insurance to shop the policy for you.

Does  AAA  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Rental  Cars?
All auto insurance can provide you reimbursement for auto rentals ONLY IF you get that endorsement on your policy. The typical reimbursement for rental cars is $20/day up to $600 total. Most insurance companies will let you increase this up to around $50/day and $1,500 total. There is no standardized wording for this endorsement, either. I have seen it called "rental reimbursement," "rental coverage," "rental guarantee." So, when you are looking through your policy to see if you have some type of rental coverage you need to look carefully.

Is  Participating  Whole  Life  Insurance  A  Good  Investment?
Video Transcript: Hello everyone I'm Steve Savant syndicated financial columnist and host of the weekly online talk show: Steve Savant's Money The Name of the Game. I'm answering questions from insurancelibrary.com, and my question today is: is participating whole life a good investment? Well, many people feel like this is more of a saving technique rather than an investment. It uses interest rates. It's a dividend participating company, especially if it's PAR. They're going to actually give you a dividend every year. Part of that is just a return of unused premium and also part of their earnings on their portfolio. If you use the base policy the guaranteed cash values are the guarantees you have. So if you're into guarantees and you don't like risk and you don't mind long haul investing and long haul savings which this product is perfect for, this could be something you may want to look at because that money could come out in withdrawals to bases and policy loans to gain depending upon how it's set up. That could come out tax free and be huge as a supplement or retirement alternative. Well, that's our consumer question for today. If you have any questions just submit them to www.insurancelibrary.com

Is  Mutual  Fund  Exempt  From  Tax?
That is a great question! The answer depends upon what the mutual fund is invested in. If the fund is involved in municipal bonds, (City , State or Government bonds issued to fund public projects) then you will not pay taxes on the profits that you may see. If your mutual fund is involved with stock funds, then you will pay one or more taxes. If you are paid a cash dividend, then your income taxes will be due on that payment. If the stocks increase in value, you will pay capital gains on the difference. I hope that helps. Thanks for asking!

Why  Is  Life  Insurance  Important  For  Children?
Life insurance for the sake of the children is only as important as your dreams or the cultural expectations may dictate in your social strata of society. Education, weddings, down payment on a first home and an emergency fund are only a few of the items that generally are integrated into child planning for the future. If the question is regarding life insurance on a child, then final expense for funeral and medical expenses in the case of a childhood tragedy. In could be justified that educational outlays, or other large financial commitments born by the parents, would be reimbursed by the proceeds from a childs death claim.

How  Long  Do  Annuities  Last?
All annuities should be purchased as ultimate income products. Distributions can take the form of withdrawals, period certain like 10 or 20 year payouts and even lifetime income you can't outlive. If you annuitized your deferred annuity with the life only option, it will generate income for the rest of your life.

How  Is  A  Roth  IRA  Better  Than  A  401K?
How is a Roth better than a 401k? Well it's not a matter of better, it's a matter of different. Both a Roth and 401k give you tax deferred savings, they just differ on when taxes are applied. A 401k allows contributions to go in pre-tax and grow tax deferred. When those funds are withdrawn they are income and subject to taxes in what ever bracket you're in. A Roth does the opposite, you pay taxes on your contribution and it grows tax deferred, then distributions from your Roth are done without any tax implication. So the question of one over the other is do you think taxes will be higher or lower when you begin to withdraw funds?

Does  Beneficiary  Of  Life  Insurance  Supercede  A  Will?
Yes, the beneficiary of a life insurance policy supercedes a will. The will pertains to the estate, and a life insurance beneficiary receives the proceeds of the policy outside the estate. The person named within the life insurance policy is the one who receives the benefit of that policy.

Which  Medicare  Supplement  Plan  Is  Best  For  Me?
There are several factors to consider before making a decision for your senior Medicare needs: Foremost, will you be better off purchasing an insurance supplement, or is a Medicare Advantage plan better for you? Those two solutions to solving your needs are different animals entirely, so make sure you educate yourself on the different advantages of each and look for only plans in your area. Some plans are county specific. Some supplements are area specific. This is one journey you do not want to take alone. So to help you make an informed decision with your agent, you of your power or attorney need to keep in mind the following items 1. Are you eligible to change what you have? 2. What medications you take. 3. How often do you go to the doctor? 4. How much risk are you willing to accept in return for lower premiums? All insurance plans transfer some risk from the client to the insurance company. The less risk (deductibles and copay) on the client, the more premiums will be. Supplements that have the same letter name (PLan N, for example) theoretically cover the same items, so you should be shown what they do and do not cover, and be able to compare costs with other companies. 5. Are you on assistance? 6. Are you under or over 65? When did you get part B? 7. What state and county do you live in? 8. Do you have extensive chronic illnesses? 9. Did you recently move, get married, get divorced, move in with family members? 10. What is the carriers financial rating and how long have they been in the Medicare Supplement or Medicare Advantage business? These and other questions are ones I ask before making any recommendations to my clients. If you go to an independent broker who has many Medicare clients, he should have several choices to offer, as there are many companies that compete in this arena. It isn't an easy answer, hopefully the above questions will help you gather a checklist for your agent. If he or she does not ask many of these questions, or only has one solution, you might be better off to move on to a different agent

Is  There  A  Way  To  Assign  A  Portion  Of  My  Life  Insurance  Policy  For  Cash?
Good Day to you. There is no way to assign a portion of your benefit based on what you have provided however you might qualify for a life settlement. Life Settlements is basically selling your policy to get some cash. What happens if you qualify, is the owner and beneficiary would change. Upon death, the benefit would go to the new beneficiary/owner. I hope this helps. If you want more information, please reach out to me. Matt

Which  Homeowners  Insurance  Company  Is  Best?
The best insurance company is the company that pays the most when you have a loss. All insurance companies are companies that manage a pool of similar risks. Every insurance company is regulated by the insurance commissioner in the state where the company is organized and the state where the company is allowed to transact business. This combination of state supervision is designed to make sure that each company keeps their promises. There are rating bureaus that offer information concerning various insurance companies. These bureaus generally give higher ratings to larger companies with longer histories. They are rating the financial capacity of the companies. While this is a good indicator of which insurance company to choose it is far from the only criteria. Ultimately most people buy homeowners insurance from an agent. That agent might represent one company or one hundred companies. The point is that the relationship is not with the company as much as it is with the agent. People buy insurance from people that they trust. A good agent will listen to you, provide sound financial advice and communicate clearly with you and the insurance company. The agent will propose a company. Few reject the company selected by the agent. The role of the company is to keep the promises that it makes. There are a wide range of homes for insurance companies to insure. Some companies have an appetite for homes that are in the mountains or heavily wooded areas. Other companies will not even consider such a risk. Some companies will insure homes on bluffs overlooking the ocean while others wont consider such a risk. Underwriting will often have special rules regarding roof type, location of an evaporative cooler, presence of certain pets and presence of certain types of recreational equipment. There are many reasons for some of these underwriting decisions but the agent will be able to identify the best company for you. The underwriter will try to suggest appropriate coverages. Even if you had the most highly rated company if the limits selected are not adequate, you could be left with a large loss in the event of a disaster. For example, you might have a significant amount of jewelry, photographic equipment, or musical instruments. If these are not insured correctly their loss could represent a significant financial loss for you. The most significant area of underinsuring is liability. Your agent should let you know the highest amount that the company will provide. If you choose less coverage, any loss in excess to the limit in the policy will come out of your assets. Your agent should tell you about the availability of umbrella liability coverage. A lawsuit can make havoc out of the best financial plan. Finally the way that the company pays the loss when you have a claim is the most critical factor. Homeowners claims are infrequent but tend to be severe. It is important that the agent you have selected assists you during this critical period. Maintaining communications with you during a claim is an identification of a really good insurance company.

When  Does  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  Go  Into  Effect?
If a life insurance policy is medically underwritten, it will go into effect after the policy is approved and issued and delivery requirements are received. If it is a No Exam policy, the policy can go into effect as soon as the policy is approved, which could be as short as hours after applying. You must be sure to have enough money in your checking account to be drafted as soon as a No Exam policy is approved.

Does  Auto  Insurance  Cover  A  Stolen  Car?
If you bought just liability coverage it will not pay if your car is stolen. It just depends what you selected when you bought your coverage. All states require at least a minimum amount of liability coverage before you can legally drive a car. You do not have to have insurance coverage that will pay to repair or replace your own car but you do have to protect other people's property that you might damage with your auto.

How  To  Get  Group  Health  Insurance  For  Self  Employed?
Technically you can't in all but a few states. To form a group under the regulations of virtually all states you have to have an employer-employee relationship which at a minimum requires two people, the employer and at least one common law employee (generally a W2 status employee). Colorado and Delaware do appear to be states that make provisions for a self-employed person to purchase health insurance on agroup contract basis. This is one of the issues the Affordable Care Act essentially dealt with beginning on January 1, 2014 when it's provisions eliminated pre-existing condition exclusions and being declined for coverage in the individual and group marketplaces. So, other than the fact that the open enrollment season concluded on March 31st, 2014 there is now no legal prohibition preventing a self-employed person from getting individual health insurance. This does not mean, however, that states have changed their individual laws regarding eligibility for group contracts and to the best of my knowledge no states have changed their policies in this regard. There are still a few industry association group health plans in existence but they have become increasingly rare over the years. For most self-employed persons reading this answer your best option and generally your only option will be to purchase individual health insurance.

Does  renters  insurance  cover  bed  bugs?
If you find your home infested with bed bugs, will your renters insurance policy cover the clean-up and debugging expense? In most cases, the answer is unfortunately no. The majority of renters insurance policies will cover the following general perils: - Fire damage - Damage as a result of a natural disaster; windstorms, hail, lightening (flood damage is often not covered by most policies) - Smoke damage resulting from fire within the unit or from nearby units - Vandalism - Burglary/Theft - Damage caused by a fallen roof; often caused by water, snow and/or ice build up - Damage from appliances; water heaters, steam heaters, air conditioners - Fallen objects- i.e. trees, power lines - Freezing of plumbing, heating or air conditioning pipes But, most renters policies currently exclude vermin infestation, which encompasses bed bugs, despite the recent rise in reported incidents nationwide. Bed bugs can become expensive guests, causing a damage and costly clean up (debugging, steam cleaning and the cost of relocation during the clean-up). Plus, they spread to other homes around the infested area quickly through animal and human transfer. Until renters policies begin to cover bed bug infestations, the best plans of attack are prevention and to build a rainy day fund for general home emergencies.

How  To  Get  Health  Insurance  As  A  College  Student?
First, check with your college's office of student affairs or administration and see if they have a student health insurance plan. Due to the requirements of ObamaCare many of these plans have been cancelled or are being phased out but some do still exist. Next, you can be covered as a dependent on your parent's health insurance policy until age 26 so if you have recently lost or will be losing coverage when you start school you could possibly be added onto their plan. Regarding true major medical individual health insurance you are pretty well locked out until the next open enrollment period starting on November 15th and the earliest you could be covered would be January 1, 2015. This is unless you have what is called a change of life status event (marriage, divorce, child birth or adoption, losing other coverage) in which case you have a 60-day time frame to apply for individual health insurance coverage. If you are in good health and coverage for any pre-existing health conditions is not a major concern for you then the best solution for immediate coverage would be to apply for a short term medical insurance policy. These policies are pretty affordable and depending upon the insurance carrier they may issue a policy that runs for a period just short of one year and you can often reapply for coverage. If you reside in Tennessee, Arkansas or Mississippi contact me and I'll be happy to help you out with this. If you reside in another state seek out a health insurance broker or go online and do a search for Short Term Medical. Assurant Health and United Healthcare/Golden Rule have pretty good short term policies and, of course, you would want to check with the Blue Cross/Blue Shield plan in your state. Other than Medicaid that pretty well sums up your options as a student.

What  Is  A  Good  Health  Insurance  Plan  In  Virginia?
A good health insurance plan is the plan that will best serve your specific needs. Suitability is an important factor in figuring out which plan is best for you. Two questions that are helpful in pointing you in the right direction to find the plan type that's best for you are: 1) do you want the most comprehensive coverage you can get or are you willing to take on a larger share of the risk/costs to keep your premiums down? 2) what is your budget? maximum dollar you're willing to spend? Under the Affordable Care Act, there are four main benefit levels - bronze, silver, gold, and platinum. Platinum plans are going to provide the most comprehensive benefits, but will also feature the highest premiums. Not everyone will be able to afford a platinum plan, which is why bronze, silver, and gold are available as well. The idea being to reduce your premium, you take on a little more risk - meaning you're willing to take on a higher deductible, higher coinsurance/copayment, etc. to keep your premiums down. You may also want to see if group coverage is available through your employer. Group coverage can provide many benefits as well, such as lower premiums (the employer contributes to a percentage of the premiums for each employees plan) - the trade-off to keep in mind is that for group plans, if you left the company or your employment was terminated, you lose the coverage. An individual plan will stay with you wherever you go. It's always helpful to consult with an experienced broker regarding your coverage. We have in-depth knowledge of products from multiple carriers and work on a personal level with our clients and help them find the coverage that will best serve their needs. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much!

Can  I  Have  Medicare  And  Medicaid?
Yes. Eligibility rules for Medicaid is going to vary by state. Medicaid can help pay for services and costs that Medicare doesn't cover. When you have both programs, Medicare pays first and Medicaid will pay second. If you qualify for Medicaid in your state, you automatically qualify for extra help paying for your Medicare Part D prescription drug coverage.

Can  I  Borrow  Against  My  Life  Insurance?
That is a great question! If the following things are in place, then yes, you certainly can. - It must be a whole life policy. Term life policies have no cash value to borrow from, it's part of the reason they are so cheap. - you must be the owner of the policy. - the policy must be in force for a few years. Typically, the first 2-3 years of your policy's life the cash value is very small, as the premiums paid cover the cost of the insurance for the company. - the amount that you borrow falls within the limits set by the policy. Many companies will limit the amount that you can borrow, to limit the risk that the loan balance with interest does not allow the policy to go belly up. If you can meet all of these criteria, than chances are very good that you can have a tax free check in your hands in just a couple of days! Thanks for asking!

Does  Globe  Life  Insurance  Work?
If the Globe Life Insurance Company is admitted in your state it falls under the supervision of your insurance commissioner. One of the commissioners responsibilities is to make sure that insurance companies keep their promises. The Commissioner has several methods of achieving that but the bottom line is that promises are routinely kept.

Where  Does  Life  Insurance  Go  On  A  Tax  Return?
This is a very broad question. If you mean Death Benefit Payments, then they are usually tax free. If you are supposed to be taxed, then the Insurance Company will send you a 1099 to include with your taxes and regular W2. If you have not received a 1099 then you should owe no tax. If you have received a 1099 give it to your accountant or enter it into your tax software.

What  Does  Coverage  Length  Mean  In  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
The coverage length on a life insurance policy has a bit of a different meaning based on the type of policy. On term life policies the length of coverage refers to the time period that the premiums are level and guaranteed not to increase. For example a 20 year level term's coverage length is 20 years at a set premium. After the 20 years, the premiums will increase exponentially. The coverage length on a cash value policy is the time period when the policy endows. For example the cash value meets the face amount at a predetermined age the policy endows. The endowment will change if any loans are ever taken against the policy.

Is  Annuity  Income  Taxed?
Yes, annuity income is taxed. The growth inside the annuity is tax deferred during the accumulation phase, but when you start the annuitization or distribution phase, where you start collecting payments, you will need to start paying income taxes on them. If you receive the payment as a lump sum, you will pay taxes on the difference between what you paid in and what you were paid. Not only can annuities be a good source of retirement income, but most people are in a lower tax bracket when they retire, so that the taxes do not sting as much.

What  Is  A  Supplemental  Executive  Retirement  Plan?
The most common understanding of a supplemental executive retirement plan is one contributes to a permanent cash value plan: Participating Whole Life, Current Assumption Universal Life, Indexed Universal Life and Variable Universal Life. Product suitability needs to match up to the policy owners financial profile and risk tolerance. The policy design is critical to the cash accumulation, using the lowest cost of insurance option that complies with TAMRA. The most popular supplemental plan is a 162 Executive Bonus Arrangement.

What's  A  Deductible  For  Car  Insurance?
A deductible, regardless of the type of coverage you have, is the amount you pay in the event that you need to file a claim with your insurance company for a covered loss. A deductible choice has a direct effect on the price that you pay for the coverage in that the higher the deductible (meaning the amount of risk that you are willing to accept for yourself) the lower the premium you will be charged for the insurance coverage.

How  To  Find  Out  What  Life  Insurance  Someone  Has?
I feel like the poster child for this question with my father recently passing away at age 84 with 5 small, obscure, life insurance policies for which my mom just got paid. One was taken out when he was 16 years old from a company that we never heard of. I entered the name of the original company in a search engine and quickly found the name of the company now in charge of the policy. Our funeral director tracked it down. If you have the name of the company, you will find the money. If you do not have the policy number or do not know whether the deceased person even had life insurance, you can start by digging in their records and talking to relatives to see if the deceased person mentioned any to them. I have had calls from people who found my email on their relatives' computers, asking if their loved ones had responded to the quotes I had given them. If all fails, life insurance that goes unclaimed can end up in the files of the state where it was purchased, after a few years. Check out this website for more information: WEBSITELINK

Is  Long  Term  Disability  Insurance  Worth  The  Cost?
Every product purchase has a value proposition to assess. Disability insurance is no exception. Disability insurance is paycheck protection. Most American workers have 90 days in cash reserves. The odds are you will be disabled once in your working career. Depending upon your age, gender, smoking status, health history, etc., is 3 to 5% of your compensation worth it?

Which  Company  Offers  The  Best  Disability  Insurance?
There are many insurance companies that offer affordable disability insurance policies. Some of them include Mass Mutual, Hartford, Berkshire and Principal. Of course, there are many other very reliable and reputable insurers. A full-time broker or financial planner is the best resource for information and they can also shop for the best prices when you are ready to pursue this type of coverage.

What  Is  Retirement  Accumulation  Plan?
All qualified and non-qualified insurance product plans accumulate tax deferred. So it's a bit of a mystery on what the question is addressing. Over time tax deferral can have a power economic impact on saving or investing for retirement. The tax favored feature oftax deferral accumulation is a significant advantage.

Does  Health  Insurance  Premium  Increase?
Health insurance premiums do not increase during the plan year. However, there are a variety of reasons why the premium may increase (or decrease) from one year to the next. If an insurance company feels that the benefits that they are offering with a specific plan are costing them more than they expected, they may raise the rates for the same plan for the next year. Conversely, if the benefits are costing them less than expected, they can lower the rate to encourage more people to sign up for that option. The main reason your rates are likely to go up each year however is that you are getting older. The older a person is, the more likely they will need to use more benefits. The Affordable Care Act allows insurance companies to charge up to three times more for older members on a plan than for younger members.

Can  You  Use  Medicare  As  Secondary  Insurance?
When you have more than one plan paying a claim, the process has to follow the coordination of benefits rules to determine who pays first and who pays second. The majority of the time, people who are on Medicare will have two types of coverage when they or their spouse works for an employer. Self-employed individuals will generally only be on Medicare and drop their under 65 policy (unless their spouse has group coverage they can be on). How big the company is and whether or not the insured employee is working will generally determine who pays first. If the employer has 20 or more employees, the employer plan will pay first and Medicare second. If the employer has less than 20 employees, Medicare will pay first and the employer will pay second. If you're on Medicare for a disability, the employer plan pays first and Medicare pays second if there are 100 or more employees - if there are less than 100 employees, Medicare pays first and the employer plan pays second. Please feel free to contact me for further assistance. Thanks very much.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  No  Heat?
No, under the provisions of a typical renters insurance policy no heat in the apartment or rented premise would not be covered by the policy. If you have an equipment breakdown endorsement on your policy the cost of repair to the heating unit may be covered possibly less your policy deductible. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  With  Polycystic  Kidney  Disease?
While it is possible to obtain life insurance having polycystic kidney disease , certain underwriting conditions apply. Depending upon that determination your only option might be a small guaranteed issue policy. I would recommend contacting an agency that specializes in impaired risk life insurance to address your specific health issues and offer the best solution / quote for your needs...

Who  Is  The  Usual  Beneficiary  For  Life  Insurance  Policies?
The usual beneficiary for life insurance policies depends on the type of policy. If a personal policy and the insured person is married, the usual beneficiary is usually the spouse. If a single person, the beneficiary is often a parent, romantic partner, or sibling. If a business policy, the beneficiary is often the business or business partner. If a policy to cover a loan, the beneficiary is usually a spouse with assignment to the loan company.

Is  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Subject  To  ERISA?
Yes, Group Long Term Care Insurance is subject to ERISA, the Employment Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. As Baby Boomers age and more long term care policies are being used, ERISA will come into play more and more in deciding what is a legitimate long term care claim.

How  Much  Does  A  Doctor  Visit  Cost  Without  Health  Insurance?
The cost will vary from doctor to doctor and will depend upon the nature of the office visit and the services rendered. If you are going to be paying cash then many doctor's offices are quite happy to work with you on that basis as it saves them the time and expense of filing an insurance claim. So, they may offer an attractive cash rate. Unfortunately, there really is no uniform pricing system for all health care services that is adhered to uniformly by all physicians. It's not like going to Midas to get your oil changed. I would advise you to call around to several doctor's offices, speak with the office manager and explain what you think you are wanting to see the doctor for and that you are wanting to pay in cash and ask them if they can provide an estimate. Some probably will and you may be surprised by how many don't know how to deal with that question. You can also try to go online and do some research for average costs for various types of office visits and medical tests and procedures. This may give you some advance knowledge of what average costs (or at least the range of costs) are in your area so that you can know if you are being offered a fair price or to use for negotiating purposes. An online service like "HealthCost Estimator.com" may also help you in doing your research. Finally, for simple procedures and tests there are a growing number of stand alone walk-in clinics or ones housed in pharmacies that do actually have a posted price list for the limited range of services they provide. For many simple needs this kind of setting may serve your needs.

What  Is  The  Purpose  Of  Life  Insurance?
The original purpose of Life Insurance - the reason it was created is to transfer the risk of a person dying too soon from that person and their loved ones to the insurance company. Generally if a person dies while still having debt or not having enough money to care for their heirs, that person has "died too soon". In a lot of people's opinions dying at any time is too soon! But that's a philosophical consideration. Over time Permanent Life Insurance has come to play an important part in the financial well-being of insureds while living. Term insurance on the other hand remains solely for the purpose of insuring against a person dying too soon. Peggy listed a number of uses for Permanent Life Insurance, and I would add that the cash value of whole life insurance is a terrific asset for use in personal banking applications. For more information see WEBSITELINK

What  Is  A  Key  Employee  For  401K?
A key employee for a 401k generally refers to top heavy rules for a defined benefit plan. If greater than 60% of the present value of the cumulative accrued benefits of plan assets come from "key employees", the plan is considered to be top heavy. A key employee is an employee that at any time during the year was 1) someone who owned more than 5%, 2) a more than 1% owner who was paid $150,000 or more or 3) an officer that was compensated at more than $170,000 for 2014. The IRS has a long list of guidelines (IRS 4.72.5) for top-heavy plans and it is best to consult with someone who specializes in this area.

Do  I  Need  Homeowners  Insurance  In  A  Condo?
Your HOA policy will only cover a portion of your actual risk. HOA's may cover walls out and sometimes the entire until but what HOA's do not cover is your personal property, potential loss assessments and your own personal liability which is the biggie. Condo polices are very inexpensive and offer a whole lot of protection. Plus if you obtain your policy from your auto carrier you may receive additional discounts on your auto policy.

Will  Annuity  Rates  Improve?
Annuity Rates will most likely improve over the next 5 years, however, there is no guarantee. Annuity Rates are heavily dependent on the 10 year Treasury along with the Fed Funds Rate. Currently, these are both at historical lows. Annuity Rates are currently at a historical low along with them. Most economists agree that the 10y Treasury & Fed Rates will increase over the next 2-10 years. If this happens, Annuity Rates will increase along with them.

Can  I  Add  My  Son  To  My  Policy  For  His  Car  If  I  Am  Not  On  The  Title?
Insurance always follows the vehicle so the owner of the vehicle has to maintain insurance in his or her name. If your son's car is solely titled to him he would need to obtain a separate insurance policy. If your son still lives with you, you want to add him as a resident driver and have him add you as a resident driver on his policy. Depending on your insurance company if you are both insured with the same company the company wil cross reference policies to secure a multi-car discount.

What  Is  Short  Term  Life  Insurance?
Term life insurance is available in a wide range of coverage periods. The more popular are 10, 15, 20 and 30 year term periods often featuring guaranteed level premiums during the full period and conversion provisions (to permanent coverage). You can find a few competitive one year term policies where the premium escalates annually. The guarantees are limited and the cost averages out over 10 years to be similar to 10 year level term.

What  Companies  Offer  Hybrid  Annuities?
Many companies are offer hybrid annuities or annuities with morbidity riders like long term care, critical illness, catastrophic illness, terminal illness, etc. But one of the leading annuity distributors in One America, popular for their long term care rider on the fixed interest rate annuity that accepts 1035 exchanges from other annuities.

How  To  Get  Life  Insurance  Without  A  Medical  Exam?
To get life insurance without a medical exam, you first contact a life insurance agency that sells that type of policy. Then, depending on the policy, you fill out an application over the phone and sign it digitally, or on paper and fax or mail it to your agent. Some no exam policies will then require a phone interview. The person doing the interview will try to call you, and leave a number if they cannot reach you, that you can call back at your convenience. Some no exam policies will order medical records from your doctor. Most often, that step is not required. When approved, most life insurance without a medical exam will draft your first premium and put it into effect as soon as it is approved. Some will let you pay the premium after you receive the policy in the mail. In addition to the above, there are some nonmedical life insurance policies that will do a phone interview with you and your agent to fill out the application and put the policy into effect all at the same time.

Who  Is  The  Number  One  Life  Insurance  Company?
The number one life insurance company by assets and insurance in force is MetLife and its related companies. There are so many areas in ranking a life insurance company. John Hancock has the leading 5 year net investment yield. There are also six rating services that measure the financial strength and claims paying ability of many of the life insurance companies that do business in the U.S.: A.M Best, S&P, Moodys, Fitch, Weiss and Comdex. There are also product spreadsheets published by independent industry Intel groups that rank by premium cost, policy provisions and serving claims experience

Who  Can  Apply  For  Medicare  At  Age  62?
If you're not turning at least age 65, you can only go on Medicare if you're disabled or have ESRD (end-stage renal disease) and meet the under 65 Medicare qualifications. If you're under 65 and qualify for Medicare Parts A & B, I would suggest looking into securing a Medicare supplement and Part D prescription drug plan or a Medicare Advantage plan. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your coverage and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

What  Is  The  Blackout  Period  In  Life  Insurance?
There is no blackout period in life insurance. The term, "blackout period" refers to the period of time when a widow or widower are left without income because they cannot draw on their deceased spouse's Social Security benefits (due to their children no longer being dependents, and the surviving spouse not yet old enough to draw on their own Social Security). Some survivors use life insurance proceeds as income during this time.

How  Can  I  Get  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Online  In  New  York?
To get Long Term Care Insurance online in New York, go to a Long Term Care, Life Insurance, or Health Insurance website that sells Long Term Care Insurance from a variety of carriers. You can call them and they will walk you through the process of applying.

Why  Has  Health  Insurance  Gone  Up?
Health Insurance rates have gone up because the cost of care has gone up. Insurance companies must now provide benefits that were not covered before. Cost of prescriptions and the over prescribing of medications by some physicians add to those costs Starting in 2014 insurance companies will have to accept pre-existing conditions which will increase claim payments dramatically. Insurance premiums must go up to compensate for these increased costs.

How  Can  I  Lower  My  Auto  Insurance  Rates?
There are a few different ways that you can lower your auto insurance rates. Possibility number one is lowering your coverage levels ( not recommended as this can leave you exposed to greater liability ). Possibility number two if you haven't already done so combine your homeowners and auto coverage under one company ( most offer multi-policy discounts ). Possibility number three is shopping around every company has it own levels of risk tolorence ( if your confortable with your agent and the company that you are with already - it may be worth the extra cost for the peace of mind ).

How  Are  Variable  Annuities  Insured?
A variable annuity is a security investment under FINRA and an insurance product under the department of Insurance of each state. Variable annuity separate sub accounts have equity and bond investments and can lose money. The guaranteed general account is a fixed interest rate which can vary. A variable annuity contract is not insured by any government agency.

Will  Medicare  Cover  Hospice  In  A  Nursing  Home?
Yes! Depending on your condition, you may get hospice care in a Medicare-approved hospice facility, hospital, nursing home, or other long-term care facility. The hospice benefit with Medicare allows you and your family to stay together in the comfort of your home unless you need care in an inpatient facility. If the hospice team determines that you need inpatient care, the hospice team will make the arrangements for your stay. Hospice care is intended for people with 6 months or less to live if the disease runs its normal course. You can get hospice care for two 90-day benefit periods, followed by an unlimited number of 60-day benefit periods. A benefit period starts the day you begin to get hospice care and it ends when your 90-day or 60-day period ends. You have the right to change providers only once during each benefit period At the start of each period, the hospice medical director or other hospice doctor must re-certify that youre terminally ill, so you can continue to get hospice care. If you live longer than 6 months, you can still get hospice care, as long as the hospice medical director or other hospice doctor re-certifies that you're terminally ill. You can read more details about Hospice Care & Medicare on my blog at WEBSITELINK

Why  Contribute  To  A  Retirement  Plan?
Contributing to a retirement plan is basically paying yourself first. Contribution to a qualified retirement plan is paying your self first and giving yourself a tax deduction and some plans have employer matched contributions. Paying yourself today will determine how you live tomorrow.

How  Is  Car  Insurance  Quote  Calculated?
There are a lot of factors used when calculating auto insurance rates. Each company has their own formula for calculating rates. Factors they use include age, gender, location, marital status, driving record, credit rating, type and value of vehicle, residential status (owner vs renter), and prior insurance coverage, and claims history all can factor into the rate.

When  Will  Annuity  Rates  Go  Up?
No one is a prognosticator in predicating when and if interest rates go up. But if annuity sales trends (five year guaranteed rate annuities) are any indication, then perhaps in five years or less (2.95% for five years.) Long term fixed interest rate annuities, currently at 3.25% for ten years is too long if rates start moving up and your annuity has punitive surrender charges if you want to move.

Does  Pregnancy  Affect  Life  Insurance  Rates?
Pregnancy can affect life insurance rates due to the applicant's weight or if there are some complications such as gestational diabetes. If in the third trimester or if there are serious complications, the policy will usually be postponed until after the baby is born. Not all companies will issue a policy during pregnancy, but aside from those things, pregnancy does not affect rates with some companies.

What  Are  Life  Insurance  Quotes?
Life insurance quotes are an estimation of the premiums you would pay for a given life insurance coverage structure (face amount and term length). However, a quote is only as good as the information it's based on. So if you run a quote at the most preferred rates and haven't factored in your height/weight, medications used, medical conditions, family medical history, tobacco usage, driving history issues, participation in extreme/hazardous activities, and a number of other factors, then the quote figures you ran are pretty much useless as they do not represent an accurate picture for the proposed coverage. The risk classification is the MOST IMPORTANT part of any quote an insurance agent gives you because the risk classification determines the premiums for the coverage. The final risk class a carrier approves you at after underwriting your policy will tell you what premiums the carrier will require for the coverage to be active. Many individuals like to see quotes with the most preferred rates (preferred plus risk class) as they are the cheapest cost and then they end up thinking that's what they should get (and if they don't get it, then they will forget the entire process and not even bother securing any coverage at all). What you apply for is not always what you get - not everyone qualifies for the best rates. For example, if you have a major medical condition (e.g. heart attack, diabetic, had cancer, etc.) and the quote that was ran was for a preferred plus risk class, you're wasting your time applying for it because every carrier is going to offer a higher risk class (and therefore require higher premiums) for the coverage (or possibly decline or postpone you for coverage depending on the details of the medical history). This is why it's critical to work with an experienced, knowledgeable, independent life insurance broker who knows the right questions to ask and can shop the case among multiple companies so they can give you the most accurate quotes up front that represent a realistic expectation of what you can expect to pay for the desired life insurance program. An important note: You NEVER want to just apply to a bunch of companies to see what sticks as this actually works against you because it's a red flag to insurance companies when they complete the MIB check during underwriting (Medical Information Bureau - every carrier checks this because if you were declined by other companies, they want to know why). You want to have your best (and most accurate) estimate up front so you get it right the first time so you can get the best rates for your program. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your coverage and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

When  Does  Life  Insurance  End?
Term Life Insurance ends when you quit paying on it. If you forget a payment, if your address or bank account changes and premiums go unpaid, or if you purposefully stop paying on a Term policy, the insurance company will give you one month to make that payment up. After the one month grace period is over, you must prove your health qiualifies to have the policy reinstated. If the level part of a Term policy is over (e.g. you are entering year 11 of a 10 year Term policy), the policy will either automatically renew at an extremely high price, or the company will send you a letter telling you the new higher price and you must choose if you want it to renew at that price. From then on, the premium can go up annually. Most people do quit paying their Term Life Insurance and let it end at that point. Whole or Universal Life can be "paid up" for life, in which case all the premiums have been made and the policy will not end (as long as it was properly set up, there are no unpaid loans, etc).Otherwise, permanent insurance will end when the payer quits paying premiums and there is not enough cash value to pay them. `

What  Is  Variable  Term  Life  Insurance?
Variable term life insurance? Never heard of that! You may be thinking of a variable 'premium' or "flexible premium" life insurance..? As Peggy mentioned above, variable products have cash value and term policies do not. The "variable" component in those products is the amount of interest earned, because they are tied to investments in the stock market. A flexible premium life insurance would be a Universal Life policy, which is actually similar to a term policy where the cost of insurance goes up and once that exceeds what is being paid in premiums the sach value is consumed until there is no more insurance. There is such a thing as "indexed" universal Life, which is tied to a stock index and therefore the interest paid into the cash value will vary depending on the performance of the index.

Is  It  Against  The  Law  To  Not  Have  Health  Insurance?
No. You can continue to not have health insurance, however, if you elect this option, you will have to pay a penalty (a "shared responsibility payment" is how they titled it I believe). In 2014, the penalties will be calculated as: 1) 1% of your yearly household income featuring a maximum penalty as the national average yearly premium for a bronze plan. 2) $95 per person for the year (If under age 18, then $47.50) featuring a maximum penalty per family of $285 under this method. Its important to note that the penalty will change each year. In 2015, method one increases to 2% of your yearly household income and method two increases to $325 per person. In 2016, it will increase again to 2.5% for method one and $695 per person for method two. The penalty methods will be adjusted for inflation in later years. To avoid paying the penalty, you would need to have health insurance that qualifies as minimum essential coverage. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your coverage and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

How  Often  Will  Medicare  Pay  For  A  Glucose  Meter?
Most diabetic supplies are covered under Medicare Part B including blood sugar monitors, test strips and lancets. Medicare sets a limit on the number of lancets you can get during a 90 day period. If you need more your doctor must certify they are medically necessary. Medicare will not pay for any supplies (icluding monitors) sent to you directly that you did not order. You should always use a Medicare approved DME supplier that accepts assignment.

Does  Life  Insurance  Earn  Interest?
Does Life Insurance earn interest? There is one other way, other than the 2 answers given by Peggy Mace or Steve Savant, this is the interest that a Life insurance Company will pay on the death claim, from the date of death. This interest could accumulate if thee had been an investigation, or if the claim payment was delayed.

Who  Pays  For  Long  Term  Disability  Insurance?
If you're employer offers long term disability insurance, you'd be smart to accept the coverage, even if you do need to pay part of the premium. But don't forget to look into private DI as well. A lot of group plans don't offer the max amount you're allowed, and it's essential to be fully covered.

Can  A  Landlord  Require  Renters  Insurance  In  New  Hampshire?
A Landlord can require Renters Insurance in any State as a condition of the Lease Agreement. Renters Insurance is an increasingly more valuable commodity for both home owners and renters in a very litigious society. Renters Insurance provides the Landlord peace of mind in the event a claim occurs as the result of the tenant's negligence; the home owner will not be negatively impacted by their insurance. Many Landlords require the Tenant to list the Landlord as an 'Additional Insured' on the Renters Insurance Policy this will insure the Landlord receives a copy of all correspondence including cancellation notices and renewal notices. Renters Insurance provides coverage for the tenant's Personal Property as well as offering Personal Liability coverage which is the specific section in the interest of the Landlord. Without this important coverage, legal actions are more damaging and cumbersome for all parties concerned. There are a few States that have required all tenants in the State to purchase Renters Insurance and the requirement is a compulsory section of the Standard Lease Agreement which is signed by both the Landlords and Tenants. States have taken this action due to an overwhelming load of small claims cases burdening the Court System. Renters Insurance is an inexpensive form of security which all responsible tenants should wish to have; in many localities, a policy can be purchased for as little as $8.00 per month. For a Renters Insurance quote, there is an available link to obtain your quote and purchase the policy online: WEBSITELINK In order to produce the lowest rate, you will need to select the minimum amount of Personal Property Coverage available to cover all your possessions, select the minimum required Personal Liability Limit, and select the maximum available Deductible. The deductible doesn't apply to the Personal Liability section, so if this is the only reason that you are buying the policy, the maximum deductible should be purchased to obtain the lowest premium.

When  Do  You  Pay  Taxes  On  Annuities?
It depends what type of Annuity it is and if the Annuity is in a Qualified Retirement Account or not. If it is in a Qualified account, like an IRA/401k/SEP, then any distribution is 100% taxable. If it is a non-qualified account, then only withdrawals of the gain are taxed (as income). But since Annuities use LIFO, the gain will be the first part of the Annuity that is distributed. The growth of a non-qualified Fixed Annuity is tax deferred. If it is an Immediate Annuity/Lifetime Annuity, then again it depends on the tax status. For a Qualified account 100% of the distributions/income will be taxable. For non-qualified, a portion of the payments will be tax-free and considered a "return of basis/premium".

Does  Private  Health  Insurance  Cover  Ct  Scans?
As a general rule health insurance does cover CT scans. It may be listed under your "xray section" of the policy. If your membership card has a customer service phone number you should be able to call the company and givee all your policy information and the details of the scan and they can tell you what is covered

At  What  Age  Does  Medicare  Start?
For most people, Medicare starts the 1st day of the month you turn age 65. You can sign up for Medicare Part A & B which covers about 80% of the costs of care. You can also sign up for a Medicare Supplement plan (Medigap) to cover the difference. Medicare along with a Medicare Supplement is great health insurance. In addition, you can get a Medicare Part D plan to cover your prescription needs.

How  Much  Should  I  Be  Paying  For  Disability  Insurance?
If you are paying for a personal individual disability policy you want to pay for it from your personal checking account. The reason is with today's tax laws it will not be tax deductible or a business expense unless you are paying for employees. The good news is since you pay premiums with after tax dollars, if you become disable, your benefits are drawn tax free to you.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Dog  Attacks?
It is best to discuss this with your Insurance Professional in order to completely understand the terms, conditions and limitations of your policy. Some companies may limit or exclude the amount of coverage available for such liability claims. Others may approve or disapprove Homeowners coverage depending upon the breed of the dog you may have.

Can  I  Claim  X  Rays  On  Medicare?
X-rays, CT scans, MRI and most diagnostic imaging tests are a covered item under Medicare Part B (and sometimes A). Your doctor must have evaluated you personally and ordered the test as part of his or her diagnostic procedure. The imaging facility, clinic or doctors office will bill Medicare directly.

How  Much  Does  A  Life  Insurance  Wholesaler  Make?
A wholesaler with good work ethic andorganizationalskills with a large life insurance company in the brokerage market should be making $120,000 -$150,000 minimum with the potential to make upwards of $250,000.

Is  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Benefits  Taxable?
Payments of long-term care claims by an insurance company are generally not taxable as regular income. However, the policy title page must clearly state that the policy is a "tax-qualified long-term care insurance policy" or "TQ". Some carriers still sell "non-tax-qualified" long-term care policies (NTQ) in which the benefits may be taxable as regular income. The reasoning is that NTQ policies are more generous in qualifying someone to go on claim and that other policy features may provide a broader range of care. Whether those attributes would offset the possible taxation of the benefit is debatable. Most long-term care policies today are "TQ".

How  Much  Does  Mortgage  Life  Insurance  Cost?
Mortgage Life Insurance sold by most life insurance agencies is simply Term life insurance. The face amount does not decrease, so that if you pass away 20 years into the policy and 3/4 of your mortgage is paid off, your beneficiary can keep that 75% of the death benefit to use for other purposes. The prices are very reasonable because this type of policy is sold everywhere and there is lots of competition. To find the cost of this mortgage life insurance, go to an online life insurance agency advertising "instant quotes" and run quotes to your heart's content.

Where  To  Get  Cheap  Car  Insurance  For  New  Driver?
You can pretty much expect that new drivers will pay more for car insurance than more experienced drivers. That being said, you can probably find "cheap" car insurance with some effort on your part and by consulting your Insurance Professional. Like most things though, cheap might not always be the best buy if you need to use it and statistics have shown for many years that less experienced drivers tend to need to use their insurance more than experienced ones.

Who  Doesn't  Need  Life  Insurance?
Literally everyone. Some who have no family, no friends, no interest in religious groups or political causes, and even no animals, may say they do not. But only in those rare circumstances where the person truly has no one and nothing that interests them, might they claim no need for live insurance. If you have someone or something you love or believe in, you need life insurance to help those people or causes. Thank you. Gary Lane 714 422 9616

Which  Retirement  Plan  Is  Best  For  Small  Business?
The best retirement plan for a small business depends on many factors,including the profitability of the company, its future outlook, the liquidity of its assets, and the amount of funds available to be invested for future use. An experienced financial planner will be the ideal person to discuss and review your options, and make a recommendation that will provide future retirement income.

Where  Can  I  Find  Renters  Insurance?
To find renters insurance look no further than your trusted insurance agent. If you dont have an agent, get recommendations from friends, colleagues and neighbors. An agent should listen to you, offer sound financial advice, and communicate clearly with you and the insurance company. The most important thing that the agent will do is advise you on appropriate limits. If your policy doesnt meet your expectations when there is a claim, nothing else matters.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Gifts?
It may provide some limited coverage that may be subject to your policy deductible. Please rember every policy is different. Read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Why  Is  Term  Life  Insurance  The  Best  Type?
Term Life Insurance is not the best type of life insurance for every situation. We get regular calls from people who thought they would only need life insurance for a temporary period of time. However, now they are thinking ahead to their final years, and worried about where the money will come from to bury them. If the need is not permanent, however,Term Life Insurance is best for its relatively low price tag.

Can  I  Get  Insurance  On  A  Car  That  I  Don't  Own?
As long as you are an authorized driver of that vehicle and the vehicle's owner has coverage on the vehicle and you reside at the same premise as the vehicle owner you should be able to secure liability coverage for yourself on that vehicle. Contact a local agent to find out more about coverage availability and pricing in your area.

What  Are  Some  Cheap  Health  Insurance?
The premiums paid for health insurance like any other insurance is relative to the perception of value to the consumer. Most people don't like to carry health insurance and consider any premium to be high at least until they use it and then this perception will either be confirmed or denied. Under the new ACA plans for those who did not qualify for a subsidy find that their premiums are much higher than what they are used to and even with a much higher deductible. There are some more affordable plans out there for those who have experienced the higher premiums. However, these plans do not qualify in the ACA rules so are subject to a tax penalty but, the savings in premium dollars could more than offset the higher ACA premium. For more information on this plan please contact. Ron Hinch, The Hinch Financial Group @ 843-450-9879.

Is  Home  Warranty  Insurance  Worth  It?
A home is one of the largest investments you will ever make. When you purchase a home however, there could be and usually are, a lot of hidden problems that surface after you have been in your home for a while. This is true especially if you purchase an older home. Some of these problems can be costly. Doesn't it make sense to protect your investment?

What  Is  The  Best  Way  To  Plan  For  Retirement?
First create a financial profile that includes your timeline to retirement, your life expectancy, your tax bracket and your risk tolerance. Estimating timelines will help you frame your retirement planning. Knowing your tax bracket will help you decide whether to use a qualified or non qualified retirement plan. Determining your risk tolerance will also help your select the right investment product. You need to discover if your employer sponsors a retirement plan, especially if it offers matching contributions. This can help you decide whether to use an individual or employer sponsored retirement plan.

What  Are  The  Different  Kinds  Of  Life  Insurance?
There are two types of life insurance coverage: term life insurance and permanent life insurance. Term life insurance is generally offered in five year increments like 5, 10, 15, 20, 25 and 30 years. Permanent life insurance has four versions: participating whole life insurance, current assumption universal life insurance, indexed life insurance and variable universal life insurance.

How  To  Roll  Over  401K  To  Roth  IRA?
A 401(k) is funded with before tax contributions. Income tax has not been paid on either the amount contributed to the plan, the employers contribution if any, or the gain the plan has realized. That income tax would need to be paid if the 401(k) were rolled into a Roth IRA. The preferred method for any roll-over is a direct, trustee to trustee exchange. If you accept your 401(k) in cash you must roll-over the amount quickly and carefully. See a licensed insurance agent to accomplish this roll-over.

Can  You  Get  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  On  Anyone?
No, in order to get a life insurance policy on someone else, you need to have an insurable interest in them. To put it another way, their death must cause you financial hardship in order for you to receive money for their death. If the other person is a close relative, just the emotional impact of their death is considered insurable interest, to a point.

What  Is  The  Retirement  Plan  For  Government  Employees?
The is the federal employees retirement system for federal government employees and state government retirement plans like the Arizona State Retirement System and Public Safety Personnel Retirement System of Arizona in Arizona. Most of these plans are defined benefit retirement plans, but some offer defined contribution plans, which are becoming more popular.

Can  You  Have  Multiple  Life  Insurance  Plans?
Yes, you can have multiple life insurance plans. In fact, if you have some short term needs (such as getting your children through college) and some long term needs (such as funeral expenses), having a combination of Term and Permanent policies may be most comprehensive and cost effective. The only limit to life insurance is that you financially qualify for the amount of coverage you own. There is no limit to the number of life insurance policies you can have.

Does  Life  Insurance  Payout  Get  Taxed?
In most cases, life insurance proceeds are received income tax free. If the proceeds are payable due to the policy endowing (or maturing) the gain (proceeds less premium paid) may be taxable. Life insurance policies owned by an individual with proceeds payable to the estate of the owner may be subject to federal and / or state estate taxes. Proceeds payable on a viaticized life insurance policy also may be subject to income taxes.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Post  Op  Shoe?
Medicare Part B covers one pair of therapeutic shoes or inserts as durable medical equipment (DME) each calendar year.

Can  I  Switch  Medigap  Plans?
You can switch your Medigap Plan at any point throughout the year. You do not have to wait for AEP (Annual Election Period from Oct. 15 - Dec 7). AEP only applies to Medicare Advantage and Prescription Drug Plans. If you are not in your Open Enrollment Period or another Guaranteed Issue situation, you'll have to medically qualify for a new Medigap Plan. This means you have to answer health questions on the insurance application and then get approved through the medical underwriting department. To see if you are still in Open Enrollment or any other Guaranteed Issue situation, it is best to contact Medicare or an independent agent specializing in Medicare Supplement insurance. If you have to qualify medically for a new Medigap Plan, an independent agent can review your health history and let you know which insurance companies you may qualify with. There are many reasons why you may want to switch Medigap plans (lower premium, more benefits, less benefits). Please feel free to read this article which gives a little more detail about changing your Medigap insurance. WEBSITELINK Thank you for reading my response. Please let me know if I can help you with your specific situation.

Who  Can  Be  Trustee  Of  Irrevocable  Life  Insurance  Trust?
If it is the insured person's estate who you are trying to protect, the insured person cannot be trustee of an Irrevocable Life Insurance Trust (ILIT). Any power to administer or change the trust is considered incidences of ownership, and thus defeats the purpose of the trust (which is to transfer ownership of the life insurance from the estate to the trust for tax purposes). If it is a survivorship policy with your spouse, your spouse cannot be trustee, either. In fact, if your spouse is beneficiary of the trust and is name trustee, your spouse needs to have a co-trustee for distribution of discretionary funds, It may be better to name a professional as trustee of the trust, although technically almost anyone can do it, with the exceptions noted above.

What  Is  Medicare  Exclusion?
Medicare exclusion is the tool that is used by the Office of the Inspector General within the Dept of Health and Human Services. When confronted with misrepresentation, omissions or other forms of fraud in applying for or handling Medicare services or supplies, providers or supplies are excluded from receiving Medicare payments. It is a way of enforcing the terms of these contracts by excluding those who abuse them.

Is  My  Life  Insurance  Policy  Part  Of  My  Estate?
Yes, the death benefit that your beneficiary would receive is considered part of the value of your estate. If you passed away leaving a surviving spouse, your spouse would not have to pay any federal estate tax, regardless of the size of your estate. If no spouse is surviving at the time of death, there is a 5.25 million dollar exemption, plus any exemptions remaining from when the first spouse died. Only the amount beyond that exemption is taxed. State estate taxes have their own exemptions and regulations, depending on the state.

Why  Are  Insurance  Companies  Able  To  Discriminate?
Imagine that I own a brand new Corvette and you own a five year old Fiat. Would you want to pay the same amount for auto insurance as me? What if I only drove my car on Sundays and only went 20 miles and always had my mother in the seat with me, while you drove 700 miles a week on foggy dangerous roads. Should we pay the same amount? But my mother is a previous race car driver and has three moving violations in the past 30 days. You have a perfect driving record. Should we pay the same amount? I dont call that discrimination, I call that adjusting the risk. The insurance company calls it underwriting.

What  Would  Happen  If  There  Was  No  Medicare?
That's a great question! Also not one easily answered...On one hand if there were no programs, we'd have a significantly smaller Government budget, and a whole lot less debt and worry about that future debt. There would be a more open market for health services, and a greater dependency upon the honesty of the provider when they tell you they love you more than their profits. The other side of the story? As there are approximately 10,000 people turning 65 everyday, most with little or no retirement plans other than social security ( which puts them well below poverty level in most cases)and no provision for protection from the increasing costs of long term care, we would probably find that the mortality rate among the +65 set would dramatically rise , and life expectancy lower, as a result of them not being able to afford the medical services that would be otherwise available. What makes your question really interesting is its natural follow up - "what do we do to fix the system so the most people can benefit?" That's the real question! Thanks for asking!

Does  A  Health  Insurance  Blood  Test  Check  For  Smoking?
I'm not aware of any health insurance plans that require blood and/or urine tests to qualify for. That said, the information is usually available through past medical history and may be found in the MIB (Medical Information Bureau) or your current doctor's chart notes. The risk for someone who is a smoker and omits that information, is a cancelled policy. Usually this would occur at the worst possible time, during the filing of a large claim. With smoking, some states do not apply the 2 year contestibility clause and consider a contract between the insurer and insured to never have existed, so premiums are refunded. While with health insurance you may not be tested for smoking, they reserve and you consent to the right for them to check your health history, so any doctor you've told or any treatment you've had the possibility would exist that there is a record of it.

What  Can  The  Average  Person  Expect  To  Pay  For  Disability  Insurance?
Who is the average person and how much of their compensation does average person want to protect? Long term disability insurance is paycheck insurance. First determine if your tax bracket warrants deducting the disability insurance premium as a legitimate business. If the answer is yes, apply for 80% of your compensation. Keep in mind that the benefits will be taxable as ordinary income. If the answer is no, apply for 60% of your compensation, your benefits will be tax free. Whats the cost? Whats your gender, age, smoking status, health history, current medical condition? Whats the amount you want to cover? How long do you want coverage to last? What elimination period do you require based on your current cash reserves? It is possible that you may pay between 3-5% of the compensation youre attempting to indemnify.

What  Companies  Offer  Medigap  Policies?
Many insurance companies offer Medigap policies including Aetna, UnitedHealthcare, Blue Cross and Humana. Depending on your state, there will be dozens of carriers that offer affordable options. Perhaps the most difficult choice, however, is not necessarily choosing the company, but actually selecting the specific Medigap plan that is best to purchase. An experienced licensed broker and their website can help you find and compare the best options and select the policy that is most suitable for you. With more than 32 years of experience in the business, I have found that picking the best Medigap plan is one of the biggest financial challenges for consumers that have retired, or are nearing retirement.

What  Is  A  Good  Life  Insurance  Company?
A good life insurance company for you is the one that will give you the best rates. I mean, the bottom line is that you do not want to overpay for coverage, right? Underwriting drives the purchase of life insurance. Which company will underwrite you most aggressively? It has to be a company that has a sophisticated understanding of the risk you represent, and a comfort level with being aggressive in applying their underwriting guidelines. Lets suppose you unfortunately have diabetes. Your broker would have to find you a company that is very competitive in underwriting diabetics. The same applies for people who have hepatitis, and a cancer history, and heart disease, and who climb mountains, and who scuba dive, etc. Companies vary widely in their willingness and capability for taking on different risks at a good price. And this can change over time. The company that was good for people who are overweight last year, may not be the best one this year. Not only that: even a company who is usually good for your underwriting risk, may not be the right company for you at this time. Like every other business, life insurance companies can have ebbs and flows in their level of service. They may be short-staffed. They may be experiencing a huge backlog of cases. There may be a merger or an acquisition in the wind which will affect their underwriting decisions. Then again, there could be factors that would work in your favor. A company may want to close out the year with an influx of good business, and make you an exceptional offer. Sometimes they make just want to make a business decision and take your case because they like it. If your broker prequalifies you properly, all these factors will be addressed. Youll be confident that youve chosen a good company.

What  Is  Full  Coverage  Auto  Insurance?
If you have a loan on your vehicle your loan provider will typically require you to have full coverage on the vehicle until the loan amount is satisfied. The loan provider will also typically request that you have a deductible level of no greater than $1000 for collision and other than collision (comprehensive).

Can  I  Get  Out  Of  State  Car  Insurance?
If you live in one state and are fortunate enough to also own a vacation home in another, and you choose to have a car registered in state for your use while you are there, then it is possible, if not required that you have a car insurance policy in that state. Most if not all states require car insurance in order to register a car for use on public access roads and highways and in most cases, that insurance must be obtained in the state in which the car is registered. Honestly that is the only circumstance I can think of where you may have insurance on a car from another state which is not where you primarily reside.

What  Is  The  Main  Purpose  Of  Life  Insurance?
The main purpose of life insurance is to protect your family or business from the costs associated with your death. When a funeral causes relatives to have to pool their resources to pay for it, that is a purpose where life insurance could have helped. When a business must be sold to an outside party because a relative cannot afford to buy it, that is a purpose where life insurance could have helped. When a family must go on welfare because the breadwinner passed away, that is a purposed where life insurance could have helped.

When  Can  A  Person  Receive  Medicare?
People are eligible for premium-free Medicare Part A when they turn 65 and have met the 40 quarters (10 years) of working life/paying FICA taxes. Anyone who is eligible for premium-free Part A, can qualify for Part B - Part B requires premiums. Younger individuals with certain disabilities who have been entitled to social security disability benefits and those with end-stage renal disease, may also be eligible to receive Medicare benefits.

Why  Choose  Variable  Annuities?
Productsuitability must first beestablishedbefore purchasing an investment.Variable universal life insurance (VUL) is a unique security product that should be considered for a long term investor with a high tax bracket and an established risk tolerance for marketing investing. It has a guaranteed interest account as well as separate subaccounts using equity and bond investments. VUL designed for income can accumulate tax deferred and may be able to generate tax free income as long as the contract is kept in force for the life of the policy insured.

Can  Auto  Insurance  Companies  Raise  Rates?
Each renewal of your auto insurance insurance policy your carrier if they wish may raise your auto insurance premium. A notice of the increase in rates is typically sent at least thirty days before the policy comes up for renewal. Almost all auto insurance policies are active for a six month or one year term.

Is  There  A  Medicare  F?
Medicare supplement plan F, also known as Medigap plan F, is extremely popular among seniors. In most states 60% or more of the Medigap plans owned by seniors are plan F. Medicare supplement plan F pays 100% of approved Medicare Part A and Part B claims after Medicare adjudicates and pays their portion. In spite of the popularity, over 90% of my Medicare clients pick something OTHER THAN plan F.

Who  Is  Covered  By  Homeowners  Insurance?
The definition of insured is as follows: The named insured, and if residents of the household, the spouse, relatives and any other person under the age of 18 in the insureds care or in the care of relatives. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

What  Should  A  Good  Home  Insurance  Policy  Cover?
That is a great question! The average policy will cover the structures on the property, home, garage, etc. It will protect against the'normal' dangers of fire, wind, hail and lightning. If you live in an area that is prone to flooding, earthquakes, or hurricanes the coverage for these may be included in a rider, or may need to be purchased separately. The policy will also include some coverage against being sued; It is usually pretty specific in what it will cover, and for how much. I hope that helps, thanks for asking!

Who  Gets  Life  Insurance  If  Beneficiary  Is  Deceased?
Life insurance policies allow you to name one or more Primary Beneficiaries, and one or more Contingent (Secondary) Beneficiaries. If there is only one Primary Beneficiary named and that person is deceased, the policy proceeds go to the Contingent Beneficiary. If there is more than one Primary Beneficiary and one of them is deceased, the death benefit will be paid to the remaining Primary Beneficiary or Beneficiaries. If all Beneficiaries are deceased at the time that the Insured passes away, the life insurance proceeds are paid to the estate of the Insured and distributed according to his/her will. If there is no will, the state distributes them according to their intestate succession rules. No doubt there are some exceptions to how policies are handled when all Beneficiaries predecease the Insured, but this is the general way it works.

How  To  Qualify  For  Long  Term  Disability  Insurance?
To qualify for Long Term Disability Insurance, you must earn an income and be of favorable enough health that you can qualify medically for the Disability Insurance policy. There are also some age guidelines. The process of qualifying includes filling out an application and taking an exam, just as you would if applying for life insurance. Once the underwriting review is complete, the premium is set, the policy is issued, and you put it into effect by paying the first premium.

When  Can  I  Change  My  Medicare  HMO?
You can change Medicare Plans and prescription drug plans every year from October 7 to December 15th. You can also change plans if you move out of the service area or lose your coverage. If you qualify for Extra Help with prescriptions or are on Medicaid you can change anytime during the year. These are called Special Election Periods.

Does  Medicare  And  Medicaid  Cover  Assisted  Living?
Medicare is insurance coverage for "medical care" and does not cover the costs of assisted living facilities or long-term care facilities (custodial care). Medicare will however cover qualified healthcare costs while a Medicare beneficiary is living at an assisted living facility. Medicare is more often used to pay for a skilled nursing facility or home health care. There are always exceptional circumstances that will allow Medicare to cover different types of care, for example, while in a qualified stay at a skilled nursing facility a Medicare beneficiary may also receive custodial care, but in most cases Medicare wont cover the costs of "custodial care." In some states, Medicaid will pay for some of the costs associated with assisted livingif a qualified beneficiary has a limited income. Medicaid is designed to help seniors and some individuals with disabilities pay for healthcare when they are unable to pay for it themselves. Check on qualification requirements and available waiver programs for assisted living with your state Medicaid department. Individuals should seek out an extended care insurance specialist to understand options and formulate a plan to financially address assisted living or long term care needs before any such care may be needed. Jeffrey J. VanCleve 800-211-0017

What  Is  Birla  Sun  Life  Insurance?
Birla Sun Life Insurance Company Limited (BSLI) is a joint venture between Aditya Birla Group of India and Sun Life Financial Inc of Canada. Birla Sun Life Insurance Company provides life insurance products to the residents of India. The life insurance sold by this company is not sold in the US.

What  Is  Surrender  Value  Of  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
The surrender value of your life insurance policy is the amount of money you can walk away with if you cancel your policy today and cash surrender it. With whole-life insurance, the surrender value is guaranteed to always go up each year. It will never decrease as long as you are paying your scheduled premiums. There won't usually be any surrender value during the first two or three policy years.

Which  Company  Has  The  Best  Disability  Insurance?
When reviewing your disability insurance options, you should be sure to understand the differences between company contracts. With disability insurance, the key to the contract is the definition of disability and definition and requirements of the policy benefits. All disability contracts are NOT created equal. When you're buying a disability policy, the MOST important factor in the policy structure is theDEFINITION OF DISABILITY.Each policy will use 1 of the 3 definitions: 1) True Own Occupation - this says you are considered totally disabled if, solely due to injury or sickness, you are not able to perform the material and substantial duties of your occupation, even if you are at work in another occupation. In short, this is the most favorable definition you can have. Guardian offers this definition and is our group's top disability company to write business with. 2) Modified Own Occupation - this says that you are considered totally disabled if, solely due to injury or sickness, you are not able to perform the material and substantial duties of your occupation. This one is commonly seen in many individual disability insurance policies. 3) Gainful Occupation - this says if you are unable to perform the duties of your occupation or any occupation for which you are qualified for by education, training, or experience due to sickness or injury. In short, this is the least favorable definition. This one is commonly seen in group disability insurance policies through an employer and property and casualty insurers that offer disability coverage. Disability insurance depends on a number of factors. The cost (your premium) is based on a number of factors - the most important being your medical history, your job, and your income - and the policies are very customizable. There are many moving parts to disability insurance and is not something I would suggest trying to buy on your own - this is a type of coverage you should consult with an experienced independent disability insurance broker about. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help with your coverage and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Where  Is  Metropolitan  Life  Insurance  Company  Incorporated?
MetLife is domiciled in New York. They are the largest life insurance company in the US and were, many decades ago, the largest company in the world. MetLife Inc. the ultimate parent of many insurance companies associated with it. The headquarters is in New York City. They are a public company now having demutualized in 2000.

What  Is  Fixed  In  A  Fixed  Annuity?
The word fixed has to do with the rate of return. The insurance company exchanges a fixed amount of money, paid either in one payment or in periodic payments and agrees to make regular fixed payments for the lifetime of the annuitant starting at a specific date or a date to be selected later. In this case the insurance company assumes the entire risk for both earnings and principal

How  Often  Do  You  Pay  Homeowners  Insurance?
Homeowners Insurance also known as Home Insurance or Hazard Insurance is an annual policy issued for a term of 12 months. Although the majority of homeowners pay their insurance in full annually, most insurance plans have more frequent payment plans designed to alleviate the stress of payment in full once a year. It is important to note that it is usual and customary to charge a billing fee for payment options other than paying by one single payment once a year. We provide an online format to obtain a quote and buy home insurance online in multiple States; it may be used by Escrow/Closing Professionals, Mortgage Professionals, Real Estate Agents and directly by Consumers. An exemplary online experience for all! WEBSITELINK

What  Is  20  Year  Term  Life  Insurance?
20 Year Term Life Insurance is a common term life insurance policy that people get when they want to provide protection for their children or other obligations. A 20 year term policy usually stays the same price for 20 years, although you need to check the years that the premium is guaranteed to be sure it cannot go up in price during that time. When the 20 years are up, the policy will end or the price will increase drastically.

Who  Can  Cash  In  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
The only person who can cash in a life insurance policy is the owner of the policy. The person insured is not always the owner. The owner can be either the person insured or the beneficiary. The owner could be another third party. Only the owner can cash-in the life policy.

What  Is  Postal  Life  Insurance  Bonus  Rate?
I know that postal workers have group life insurance, but the one thing many postal workers over look is there life insurance can increase over 300% through out your career and after retirement start to decrease when i'ts needed the most. What i recommend is do a review of your life insurance policy, because any bonus that you may want or think is available really wont matter if your life insurance decreases every year in retirement.

How  Does  A  Life  Insurance  Trust  Work?
Life insurance does not need a specific life insurance trust to be the life insurance owner and/or beneficiary but it can provide some additional flexibility in planning. The decision to engage an experienced estate planning attorney to utilize a life insurance trust is usually reserved for more complex situations where the set up and maintenance costs can be justified. While there are many different types of trusts, an irrevocable life insurance trust is a trust with the primary purpose of owning a life insurance policy in order to remove life insurance proceeds from the taxable estate and, as a result, avoid paying estate taxes on those proceeds.

Does  Everyone  Have  To  Have  Health  Insurance  Under  Obamacare?
No, you don't have to have health insurance. However, underthe Affordable Care Act, if you do not want to buy a health plan, you will have to pay a penalty (also known as an "individual shared responsibility payment"). Many individuals have options for group insurance through their employer or they are on Medicare or Medicaid. If you decide to buy a health insurance plan,then you would either need to buy it on or off the health insurance exchanges. Buying on the exchanges is beneficial if you qualify for a subsidy. Subsidies can only be used for on-exchange plans - they cannot be used towards plans sold off the health exchanges. If you choose to pay the penalty instead of securing coverage, you will still be responsible for 100% of your medical care. The penalty is calculated in one of two ways (you pay whichever is the higher amount). In 2014, the penalties will be calculated as: 1) 1% of your yearly household income featuring a maximum penalty as the national average yearly premium for a bronze plan. 2) $95 per person for the year (If under age 18, then $47.50) featuring a maximum penalty per family of $285 under this method. The penalty calculations will change each year. In 2015, method one increases to 2% of your yearly household income and method two increases to $325 per person. In 2016, it will increase again to 2.5% for method one and $695 per person for method two. The penalty methods will be adjusted for inflation in later years. If you have any other questions about your health insurance, send me a private message by clicking on my "contact me" button.

At  What  Age  Should  You  Consider  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Most people start considering Long Term Care Insurance at about age 50 and actually purchase it at about age 60. The younger you are, the more likely you will be to qualify for the policy. Advancements in medicine are wonderful for showing us what is wrong with us and how to prevent it from getting worse. But those same advancements can turn up a lot of health conditions that got overlooked, in the past, when applying for long term care insurance. Applying at a younger age gives you a much better chance of being approved.

How  Do  I  Apply  For  Medicare  Part  B?
The best way to apply for Medicare Part B is to go to www.SSA.gov or visit your local Social Security office. The best time is a few months before you turn 65 or a few months before you need Medicare Part B to be effective. It is also a good idea to look at Medicare Supplement Plans to cover what original Medicare Part A & B doesn't cover. You can do this through an independent agent that can show you all the major plans available to you. For more information about Medicare Part B and to run a Medicare Supplement Quote visit our website at SummitMedigap.com. You can also call us at 1-888-407-8664.

Is  Xeloda  Covered  By  Medicare?
In this brochure, WEBSITELINK put out by Medicare in June of 2012, the following information is noted: Oral Cancer Drugs: Medicare will help pay for some cancer drugs you take bymouth if the same drug is available in injectable form or is a prodrug. Capecitabine or Xeloda is included in this list.

Can  I  Switch  Homeowners  Insurance  At  Any  Time?
Of course. The only key to keep in mind is how your Homeowners' Insurance is paid. If for example you pay it directly say on a monthly billing account, then the transfer can be very simple and easily handled by your insurance professional right in the office. If however, your Homeowners' Insurance is paid by your Mortgage Company by an escrow account, it can still be done, but is a bit more complicated. Either way, talk to our Insurance Professional about your particular situation. There is a solution.

How  Does  Disability  Insurance  Work?
Disability Insurance is a morbidity product that protects your ability to earn your current compensation, i.e. paycheck protection. Your number one asset is your ability to earn money to pay for the lifestyle you want. Disability insurance is paycheck protection and can generate a good portion of your income if you cant work. Most executive packages include full disability insurance coverage until age 65. The odds are youll need it once during your working life. It can protect up to 60% of your compensation as a tax free benefit or up to 80% as a taxable benefit when the premium is deducted as a business expense.

What  Happens  To  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  With  No  Beneficiary?
If there is no stated primary beneficiary, nor contingent beneficiary alive when the insured passes, the proceeds of a policy would become part of the estate and subject to probate. If the beneficiary was alive longer than the insured, the proceeds would go into the beneficiaires estate and subject to probate regarding their estate.

When  To  Sign  Up  For  Medicare  If  I  Am  Still  Working?
If you are still working, you should still sign up for Medicare in the three months before your 65th birthday. If you don't want to take your Part B Medicare benefits yet, you can simply return the card provided in your packet, telling them that you do not want Part B at this time. However, if you take Part B, your group plan will be your primary insurance plan. Very few people turn down Part A.

How  Do  I  Get  Life  Insurance  On  My  Husband?
In order to acquire for insurance coverage on someone else , first you need to have insurable interest. You would have insurable interest in your husband. Next you need to have their permission, so you husband would need to sign the application as the life insured. You could be the beneficiary and own the policy. You would have total control once he gives permission to be the life insured. An independent life insurance broker, representing several companies, could help you find the right policy at the right price. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.If you would like to work with a local life insurance broker, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: life insurance broker Halifax or life insurance agent Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find a life insurance broker in your community.

Mother  had  a  policy  on  her  nephew  and  recently  passed.  Now  insurance  company  says  that  her  nephew  is  now  the  owner  of  the  policy.  Can  this  happen?
It does depend upon the specific circumstances when the life policy was purchased 38 years ago. It is not unusual for this to happen on most policies on minor children. Your mother was the owner and her nephew the insured. If the owner dies before the insure, the life insurance company has no choice but to make the insured the owner. Your mother cannot name anyone else as owner, so I'm not sure without full cooperation of the nephew, this will remain the same. Life insurance proceeds are outside of the will.

Can  I  Save  Money  On  My  Health  Insurance  Premiums  In  The  Marketplace?
That is an excellent question! You may very well, and it certainly doesn't hurt to look. There are a lot of things that will determine the cost of your plan, but the www.healthcare.gov (Affordable Care Act/Obamacare) site allows you to shop without obligation to compare plans and options, and it tells you if there are discounts available to you. As a nation, we have already saved on our insurance costs, as the annual price increases normally associated with health care policies have slowed from annual 10%+ increases to under 5% the last couple of years, in most markets. The increase on average here in Houston this year was about 4%. Happy shopping, and thanks for asking!

How  Does  Life  Insurance  Cash  Value  Work?
Some life insurance policies have a value that can be taken if the policy is surrendered or that can be taken as a loan. The cash value of the policy typicaly accumulates over the lifetime of the policy. If money is taken out of the policy as a loan it typically will lessen the death benefit of the policy and normally requires you to repay the loan within a set period of time or other consequenses can arise by not repaying the loan. There can be fees involved in this process. Be aware there are many different policies out there. To find out more about the cash value availablity within your policy, read your policy completely or contact your local agent to have them explain the details of your policy.

How  Does  A  Stay  At  Home  Mom  Save  For  Retirement?
A stay at home mom can have an IRA or a Roth IRA. The payments to an IRA are deductible from current income tax; those for the Roth IRA are not. The benefits from the IRA at retirement are taxed as ordinary income while those from the Roth IRA are not taxed at all. There isn't any current taxation for money held in either plan during accumulation.

How  To  Make  A  Claim  At  Medicare?
I am not aware of any way for an individual to file a claim with Medicare. Medicare requires medical providers to file claims directly on your behalf and do so on a timely basis. Claims are filed electronically, adjudicated by Medicare, and then Medicare files your approved claim with your Medigap carrier via crossover.

Can  I  Unenroll  From  Medicare?
You can disenroll from Medicare but consider the downside before doing so. If you disenroll from Medicare Part B and later decide to re-enroll you may have to pay a late enrollment penalty. The LEP is 10% per year for every year you are not enrolled in Part B. If you disenroll from Part A you may also forfeit your Social Security benefits.

What  Is  The  Penalty  For  Not  Having  Car  Insurance  In  California?
If you get pulled over and fail to show proof of insurance when it is requested, you can be fined up to $800. If you get into an accident and do not have insurance, you can have your license suspended, your car impounded and be fined. Be sure to obey the law and get insurance or some other form of Evidence of Financial Responsibility.

What  Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cost  In  Massachusetts?
Boy, there should be quite a few different answers to this question. However, in the spirit of trying to answer any rational insurance question with a rational response, Ill do my best. Price is an important consideration but so arent the reasons you are considering the purchase of insurance in the first place. Is it to repair and REPLACE any damage to your home or other personal property you own? Is it to cover the additional cost of living in temporary quarters should your home be damaged or destroyed? Is it to provide defense and payment should you be found responsible for injuring someone or damaging their property? Depending on the age, location, and condition of your home as well as the cost to build or rebuild it, a reasonable approximation would be $2-3 per thousand per year. If it is any more or less than that, you may want to take a harder look at it.

How  Much  Is  Family  Health  Insurance  Per  Month?
How much is family health insurance? With more than 33 years of experience as a health insurance broker, I'll provide a quick, accurate and direct answer. Your cost could be $1 per month or much more, depending on your federal subsidy (and of course, household income), your age, where you live, and type of coverage you need. Of course, our job is to find the best rates and coverage, and explain which plans are the best options. As you can see, there are multiple answers to the question. But the most important thing is to get the best value for your money.

Who  Should  Have  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
You should have long term care insurance before you enter retirement, generally before age 60. If your family has a predisposition for a specific disease of a health history for needing nursing home care, you should consider securing it as soon as possible. We're living longer and the need for assisted living at home is more than likely a reasonable future for most.

Does  My  Health  Insurance  Cover  Psychiatrist?
If you are covered by a "group plan" then you will have some coverage. How much-call the company and ask. If you have an individual policy the coverage is going to be even more limited and you need to call the company or give your information to the insurance clerk at the doctors office and have them verify coverage. The amount of coverage available for mental health is within the bounds of the "90 days lifetime maximum coverage as in Medicare.

Who  Owns  Medica  Health  Insurance?
Medica started in 1975 by a group of physicians for the purpose of becoming a Physicians Health Plan. They offer coverage in Minnesota and select counties in Wisconsin, North Dakota and South Dakota. According to Medica, "It was the first open-access health plan in the state. In 1991, PHP merged with Share to become Medica. And in 1994, Medica merged with HealthSpan to form Allina Health System, an integrated organization offering both health care coverage and medical services. Medica became an independent health plan in 2001". In 2010, Medica reported $4 Billion in revenue and that "90% of fully insured premium revenue was used to pay for health care expenses". Medica states that over 96% of Minnesota's providers participate in the program and they offer a large national network of over 660,000 providers and 5,100 hospitals to it's members. Resources: Medica.com

Do  You  Need  To  Have  Homeowners  Insurance  In  Alaska?
Homeowner insurance in any state is mandatory if you have a mortgage but is optional if you don't. The mortgage company wants to protect their interest in the home by making the homeowner purchase homeowner insurance. Everyone should consider purchasing it to protect your investment and the contents of the home plus your personal liability as the owner of the property. Talk to a local agent and review your specific needs for this type of policy.

What  Is  All  Risk  Auto  Insurance?
That is not a common term. I suspect what you are asking about is comprehensive insurance. This is also known as "other than collision" insurance. It provides coverage for physical damage to a vehicle that happens other than ina collision. This includes things like, fire, theft, vandalism, weather and others. It also caninclude "acts of God" which are those things which are outside human control, lighting, tornado etc.

Is  A  Life  Insurance  Payout  Considered  Income?
Life insurance payouts are usually considered unearned income. As such, a life insurance payout is not subject to income tax. The new 3.8% Medicare tax on unearned income excludes life insurance cash value. The Medicare tax also excludes life insurance proceeds that are not subject to income tax.

Do  I  Qualify  For  Medicare  In  Tennessee?
To see if you qualify for Medicare in Tennessee, you can go to the www.medicare.gov website and answer their little questionnaire. That immediately tells you if you qualify. To qualify for Medicare in Tennessee and the other 49 states in the US, you need to be age 65 and have paid Social Security taxes for at least 10 years. If you have not done that, there are a few other ways you can receive Medicare, with being disabled for 24 months another big reason people qualify for Medicare.

How  Much  Does  Guaranteed  Life  Insurance  Cost?
Guaranteed Life Insurance costs approximately $150/month for $25,000 of Whole Life for a 60 year old male. Guaranteed issue life insurance usually is whole life and is graded during the first 2-3 years. Some will raise prices periodically, or when they raise them for the rest of the group. Others will lock in the same premium for life.

Does  Life  Insurance  Check  Your  Credit?
Unless you are applying for a very large policy, credit is not usually an issue when it come to life insurance. The only reason a company may check credit is to determine affordability and the need for a large policy. I have never had a credit issue with an application for life insurance.

What  Is  The  Average  Deductible  For  Home  Insurance?
The answer to this is that it really depends on what replacement cost and geographically where your home is located. Here in the greater Atlanta area a $1000 deductible is quite common. What we see in the Tucson area ( an area where there are not frequent wind storms) there is more likelihood of the deductible being $500. And in Texas and some other states percentage deductibles have been the norm for decades. So in Texas it is not uncommon to see a 1% wind and hail deductible an 1/2 % all other perils deductible. Lastly, there are some elements of this that is dependent of the size and replacement value of homes. If you are insuring a 700,000 home or greater,then a $2,500 deductible is quite common.

Will  Getting  Married  Affect  My  Medicare?
No, Medicare is carried by the individual and will not be affected. The only way I know of that marriage would come into play would be to help a spouse receive Medicare benefits even though that spouse may not have the prerequisite employment time required. You may want to check with your Social Security office or Medicare regarding the rules in this regard.

What  Are  Some  Things  To  Consider  When  Buying  Long-Term  Care  Insurance?
When it comes to buying long term care insurance, make sure you've educated yourself first! It's important to understand the product before you make any decisions about the type of policy you want. Here's an LTCI glossary that can help you understand the "bells and whistles" of any LTCI policy. WEBSITELINK

Do  Auto  Insurance  Companies  Share  Information?
Auto insurance companies do not share information directly but all information is shared. Insurance companies report incidents to a data base which is then accessed by insurance companies when needed. For example you have an at-fault auto accident and your rates go up. You are upset about this so you shop around for insuranceelsewhere The new company will check the data base for your driving record to see if you have tickets or accidents and then crate your insurance policy accordingly. While incidents on your record may only effect you for a short period of time. For minor incidents 3 years. I have seen data show up that was 10 years old.

Can  You  Claim  Acupuncture  On  Medicare?
No, acupuncture is not a medically approved expense by Medicare. You cannot claim acupuncture on Medicare because the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) has classified it as an Alternative Therapy, and Medicare will not pay for Alternative Therapy. They only reimburse therapies that they feel have been proven effective by scientific standards.

What  Does  All  State  Auto  Comprehensive  Insurance  Cover?
I am assuming your are referring to the "Comprehensive" coverage - also called Other Than Collision - found in an auto insurance policy. State Auto is what we call a "Super" regional carrier as they are not nationwide, but are in more than a couple regional states. While the basic structure of the auto policy contract is the same company wide, they do tweak their contract based on state laws and state performance ratios. That being said, generally speaking State Auto's comp coverage would include things like - fire, theft, water damage, glass damage, break-ins and hitting an animal like a deer. Comprehensive claims are subject to the deductible listed on your policy. Give your local State Auto independent agent a call and discuss the specifics of your state and policy language.

Can  A  70  Year  Old  Get  Term  Life  Insurance?
Yes, you can purchase term life insurance if you have good health. There are a few carriers that offer term life at fairly reasonable prices. I personally just delivered a term life insurance policy on a healthy 74 year old that needed better rates than a whole life policy would have cost.

Can  BMI  Affect  Life  Insurance?
Body Mass Index (BMI) does impact the premium for life insurance. BMI or simply the height and weight of the proposed life insured is a key factor in preferred risk guidelines. Favorable height and weight combinations can mean preferred rates. Average combinations will mean standard rates as a starting point for underwriting. Unfavorable combinations may mean substandard rates at best. Height and weight charts can vary significantly by life insurer. An independent life insurance professional can survey a wide variety of insurers to help you select the best ones to apply with for the best possible outcome.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Foundation  Problems?
A homeowners policy pays for damages cause by named perils. The perils most likely to affect a foundation would be earth movement or flood. The most common homeowners policy excludes coverage for those perils. You can get policies to cover each of those circumstances. If, however, the foundation was damaged as the result of a named peril, such as fire, the damages would be covered under the Homeowners policy.

Can  Car  Insurance  Be  Cancelled?
Yes, It can be cancelled by the insured or the carrier can cancell or non-renew your policy for various reasons. Auto insurance is an at will product for the insured, which means that the insured could cancell the policy at any time that they wish. Please make certain that you secure coverage with another carrier before cancelling coverage with your current carrier to protect yourself properly.

Who  Does  Not  Need  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Persons who do not have a lot of assets to lose if they were to need long term care services may find that the cost of Long Term Care Insurance is not worth the sacrifice. On the other hand, those who have very large estates may feel that they are able to pay for their own Long Term Care if the need arises, and may not consider it necessary to purchase Long Term Care Insurance.

How  Long  Does  A  Ticket  Stay  On  Your  Driving  Record  For  Insurance  Companies  To  See?
Minor traffic tickets usually just stay on your driving record for three years. More serious traffic violations can stay on your driving record for insurance companies to see for 10 years or more, even a lifetime. However, life insurance companies do not consider traffic tickets or violations that occurred before a certain amount of time. You should be able to get a Preferred rate now.

How  Will  Medicare  Cuts  Affect  Patients?
Medicare cuts hurt everyone, patients and providers alike. When Congress reduces funding for Medicare that means you have fewer choices, are expected to pay higher premiums, copay's, deductibles and out of pocket. Congress also seeks to limit the amount they pay providers for services rendered. When this happens fewer doctors will take on new patients and stretch out the time between appointments.

How  Much  Are  Life  Insurance  Rates?
Life insurance rates will vary widely depending on several factors: age, gender, amount of coverage, length of coverage and health rating. There are different types of policies depending on your needs, such as term insurance, whole life and universal life. Rates may range from a few dollars a month to thousands per month depending on your situation and what you want to accomplish with insurance. Discuss your situation with a knowledgeable independent advisor who can help you navigate the many options.

How  Does  Life  Insurance  Test  For  Smoking?
That is a great question! In the case of you purchasing a policy for a larger face value, the insurance company will send out a para-med who will take samples or swabs from you to test for the markers of nicotine use. In the case of a smaller face value policy, there will be a question on your application, and then subsequent ones relating to smoking related diseases. If at some point the company has reason to believe that your answers during the application process are less than truthful, they may elect to deny or delay your payment on those grounds. The best thing to do is quit smoking, or find a company that is lenient with their tobacco rules, or one that doesn't ask at all. They exist, and a good agent can find one for you. I hope that helps, thanks for asking!

Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Wet  Basement?
This depends on the cause. If water is seeping though the walls, it typically is not covered as that would be considered maintenance. If the water is due to flood, it would only be covered under a flood policy. If the damage was due to a busted pipe or water heater, it would normally be covered. Repairs for common damp basements are not covered by homeowners insurance.

Will  My  Health  Insurance  Cover  Breast  Augmentation?
Breast augmentation is generally considered a cosmetic procdure and not a medically necessary procedure, therefore, it is usually not covered. Breast reduction can be considered medically necessary and covered by health insurance if the breasts are causing back and neck issues. If it is considered medically necessary the surgery is covered once a woman is 18 years old and an adult.

What  Is  Social  Security  Life  Insurance?
Social security pays a lump sum death benefit of $255 to your next of kin to help defray the cost of burial. The processing of this is traditionally handled by the a funeral home. You can also contact the Social Security Administration yourself to begin to the process of the claim.

How  Big  Is  The  US  Life  Insurance  Industry?
The U.S. life insurance industry is huge. The U.S. market has more than $18.4 trillion of life insurance protection via individual policies and group plans. The life insurance industry has $4.8 trillion in the U.S. economy and is one of the largest government bond holders in the world.

What  Is  Graded  Death  Benefit  Whole  Life  Insurance?
Graded Benefit Whole Life Insurance is whole life insurance that pays a reduced benefit during the first one to three years, then pays the full death benefit after that. E.g. If death occurred during year one or two, it may pay back all you paid in, plus 10%. If death occurred during year three or afterwards, it would pay the beneficiary the whole death benefit. Different policies are graded a different number of years, and each carrier has their own criteria for how much is paid back during the graded years. Most graded benefit whole life policies are only graded for natural death. I.e. death due to illness or old age. They usually pay 100% of the death benefit from day one for accidental death. Guaranteed issue whole life policies are graded, and some simplified issue policies are graded. Simplified issue policies are those that do not require an exam. The biggest thing to watch out for with graded whole life insurance is whether the premium stays level for life. Some graded whole life policies have premiums that go up at regular intervals. With some, the company may raise the premiums at any time, as long as they do so for everyone owning that type of policy. If you anticipate living longer than a few years, it is best to buy a graded benefit whole life policy where the premium will stay level for the rest of your life. Please feel free to contact me at any time if you would like to see whether you qualify for an immediate benefit policy, or to get some competitive quotes for several graded benefit policies that have the price locked in for life.

What  Qualifies  For  Disability  Insurance?
You have to have earned income to qualify for disability insurance as well as good health history and current medical condition. Disability insurance is an important employee benefit for key executives in any organization. Bottom line, disability insurance is paycheck insurance. Protecting your income, either with with tax free or taxable benefits is a great retention and recruiting tool for a business.

How  Do  You  Buy  Health  Insurance  In  Illinois?
You can get health coverage through healthcare.gov on your own or go through a licenesed agent. We at WEBSITELINK have helped millions obtain coverage. You need to find out what you qualify for if your eligible to get tax credits. You can obtain coverage during the open enrollment period. After that, you have to wait until Novemeber 2014 to enroll in a plan during open enrollment. You maybe eligible to enroll outside the open enrollment period if you have experienced a qualifying life event. If you do not have a qualifying life event during the SEP (Special Enrollment Period) you may opt to obtain a short term plan to bridge the gap until the next open enrollment period in Novemeber.

Can  Employers  Deduct  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Premiums?
Employers can deduct premiums paid on behalf of their employees for long term care insurance. This is a great benefit to provide employees as it secures loyalty to the employer. Individuals can deduct premiums on individual plans as well. When benefits are received those benefits are not considered ordinary income.

How  To  Become  A  Life  Insurance  Underwriter?
To become a Life Insurance Underwriter it is helpful to first earn a Bachelor's Degree in a business or math related field. If you want to go on to become a Senior Life Underwriter, getting a Master's Degree will be helpful. Some positions do not require these degrees, but having them can help you get a job and advance in your job. You will need to be certified at some point. The CLU (Chartered Life Underwriter) designation from American College consists of passing 8 exams and earning this designation would set you apart as one of the most qualified professionals in the industry. Working in a life insurance home office would also be helpful to gain experience and work your way up to becoming a Life Insurance Underwriter.

How  Long  Is  Medicare  Primary  For  Esrd?
Not everyone with ESRD is covered by Medicare, but if you are eligible Medicare will be the primary payer in the following situations. If Medicare is your only health insurance, Medicare is primary. If you have coverage through an employer group health plan, that plan is primary (if there are 20 or more employees) during a 30 month COB period. At the end of the COB period Medicare is primary.

What  To  Do  With  Universal  Life  Insurance?
That is a great question! And an interesting one. I guess the answer depends upon how long you've had the policy, and how well you've kept track of it; or whether it is a good policy to get at all, if I'm reading into your question rightly. Here's what I advise people. A UL policy can be a good thing if you are somebody that keeps an eye on everything, and has extra money lying around. You also have to have a healthy risk tolerance. Agents will rightly tell you that this type of policy can bring great returns, but press them hard, and make them tell you exactly what stars and moons need to align for that to happen. What is the actual performance of the policy over time, not the best case scenario printed in the sales brochure? How much over the minimum payment is required to achieve that performance? That's what you need to know if you are thinking of purchasing one. If you already have one, are you paying attention to how well it is still funded? You could be in for a surprise if you haven't. Call your agent, and get an idea of how it's doing for you, and how long you can expect it to be in force. Functionally, you can use the proceeds for everything that you would any other whole life insurance policy. I hope that helps, thanks for asking!

Who  Is  The  Best  Car  Insurance  Company  For  Young  Drivers?
This will depend on what your definition of good is. If you are defining good as low rates, you will have to do some checking with local agents in area to find out about coverage availability and rates. If you are in Wisconsin the company that I work with at this time tends to have very good rates with young drivers in the household.

What  Is  Enhanced  Annuities?
Enhanced annuities are lifetime annuities that pay a higher than normal income to annuity holders because the the annuitants have poor health. Because the annuitants have lower life expectancies, their annuities are able to pay them more each month, as it is anticipated that the monthly payments will not reasonably last as long as for those in good health.

Does  Washington  Tax  Life  Insurance  Benefits?
Normally no life insurance proceeds would not be taxed, however Washington state does have a state estate tax. The exemption is $1,000,000 meaning any amount over this amount could be subject to estate taxes. The top marginal tax rate for the state estate tax in Washington is 16%.

How  Are  Annuities  Structured?
An annuity converts a sum of money into a lifetime stream of income. The Internal Revenue Code allows money accumulated in an annuity to defer income tax. These two features have given rise to many alterations that meet the specific needs of certain people. Some annuities have become amazingly complex.

Will  Health  Insurance  Cover  A  Breast  Pump?
The answer to your question may vary from company to company. Some companies may pay in full while some will only cover a portion. On your membership card there should be a "customer service" number. You should call them and ask them. You will need to give them your identifying information and your policy number as they have to make sure you have the right to request information

How  Much  Will  I  Have  To  Pay  For  Health  Insurance  Under  Obamacare?
Depends on the "metal" level of the plans you're looking at, your age, which carrier's plans are available in your area, and whether you use tobacco products or not. These are the most common factors that go into rate calculations for quotes. You should work with an independent health insurance agent/broker to see what's available for you - agents & brokers have the knowledge to help determine which program is going to be most suitable for your needs and your budget.

Can  A  Veteran  Get  Life  Insurance?
A veteran who is no longer in active service can purchase the same life insurance as anyone else, based on age and health requirements. There is also military life insurance for veterans, but it has strict conditions (you can see those by searching on the word "veteran" on this website).

How  To  Determine  Amount  Of  Renters  Insurance?
This is perceptive question, and the answer may surprise you. You should choose liability coverage first and it should exceed your net worth. If you have stocks, property, autos and other assets take the most liability coverage available. The second part is no less complicted, insure the property you own inside the rented building to the amount it would take to replace it. To do that you need to think in terms of a fire, and filling out a claims form. What will it cost toreplace your couch, or bed with like quality pieces. You probably need a record of either what you paid for the item or at a minimum an image of the piece itself. When you have done that, total your pieces and you then have the amount of property insurance you should purchase. Please don't forget though that a lawsuit could be much more expensive than a fire so chose your liability coverage carefully.

What  Can  I  Do  To  Plan  For  Retirement?
Sit down with an advisor and get a game plan. Every person's situation is different so you need an advisor that is going to take the time to look at the entire picture. I would recommend someone that has knowledge of how to file when it comes to Social Security, as this can cost you hundreds of thousands of dollars if done incorrectly. Advisors who offer this as a service will be few and far between, but they are out there. A good advisor will help with understanding your risk tolerance and place you in the correct investments to ensure the money you have lasts. This could be made up of stocks, bonds, mutual funds, annuities and life insurance. Yes, life insurance. Take the time to interview a few advisors in your area and make sure the appointment is about you and not the advisor.

Does  Aflac  Offer  Disability  Insurance?
To the best of my knowledge AFLAC does not offer a true disability policy. There policies are primarily supplemental, designed to pay in addition to any other coverage you may have. These policies are very good but are more limited than a true disability policy You might consider a combination of both disability insurance and a supplement to help pay for any elimination period or extra bills and lost wages you may incur.

Where  To  Invest  401K  After  Retirement?
That is a great question! A really great question, and if there were just one great answer, everyone would be doing it, and there would be no seniors living in poverty (55% of all Seniors live at or below poverty level, according to the 2012 Census). To give you an answer that would work for you, I'd need to know what assets you have, where they are located, how liquid they are, what your risk tolerance is, what your retirement goals are, how your insurance protection is, your health and your spouses health status, and more. To give you a generic answer? Somewhere where the bulk is protected yet fairly liquid, with the opportunity to draw a steady income from in the best tax advantaged way. If you would like to contact me with more specifics, I'd be happy to give you some better advice. Thanks for asking!

What  Level  Of  Life  Insurance  Do  I  Need?
When the word "level" is used in the context of life insurance, it usually refers to a guaranteed level premium, or guaranteed level face amount. This means that the premium or face amount will stay the same (level) for a set amount of time. I recommend getting a level premium and face amount for as long as possible. 30 years is reasonably priced level term insurance for younger to middle aged persons.

How  Is  Life  Insurance  Used  In  Estate  Planning?
Life insurance provides cash at the time of death. Estate planning involves distributing assets at the time of death. Often the estate needs liquidity so that key assets do not have to be sold to pay debtors or taxes. In other cases, the business should pass to one heir and yet the parents might want to provide equally for other heirs. There are as many problems as there are families and life insurance can solve many estate problems.

What  To  Look  For  In  Renters  Insurance?
The key to purchasing a renters policy is to understand what your exposure might be. Take pictures of everything in your unit that belongs to you, including your clothing, appliances, dishes etc. Then review the photographs listing the items and their replacement cost. Add the list of replacement costs and you will have the amount of personal property that you have at risk in your unit. I suggest you then meet with an insurance agent and discuss the best way to cover that risk. A claim is not the best time to discover that you are underinsured. Always select the highest possible liability limit. A lawsuit can ruin your weekend.

How  To  Get  Life  Insurance  For  Your  Parents?
To get life insurance for your parents, start by asking them if it is OK to take out a policy on them, or for you to help them get a policy on themselves. Then gather their information: height, weight, any medications they take, any health problems they have now or in the past. Call a broker who carries Senior Life Insurance and find your best price and type of policy. If for final expense purposes, you will need permanent insurance, or the policy could end before it is needed and then be impossible to get a new one. Your parents will need to sign the application and possibly complete a phone interview. If getting a large policy over $50,000 they will probably need to take a free exam done in their home. Once approved, either you or they can pay the premiums. Paying the first premium will put it into effect. And that takes care of it.

Does  Divorce  Affect  Life  Insurance?
Divorce does not automatically affect life insurance. Unless the policy owner makes changes to the policy, either by choice or court order, the policy will remain the same. That is why it is important to attend to your life insurance after a divorce, or your death benefit may go to the wrong person.

Is  Investing  In  Annuities  A  Good  Idea?
An annuity is a unique contract. It provides for a lifetime guaranteed income. No other investment vehicle offers that feature. As a part of a retirement portfolio it is the vehicle that most likely will produce the most income per dollar saved. The problem with an annuity is that there isnt an adjustment for inflation and with the passing of time buying power can be eroded.

Can  My  Girlfriend  Be  On  My  Car  Insurance?
If she drives your car on a regular basis or lives with you then you should consider adding her as a driver. Just remember however that her driving record can affect your insurance rates if you do so. If for any reason her driving record is badly blemished then I suggest having her obtain her own policy.

Is  There  Medicaid  Or  Medigap  To  Help  With  Medicare  Payouts?
Absolutely!! There are Medicare Supplements offered through private insurance companies like Humana and Aetna that will help pay some of the costs not covered by Original Medicare or some supplements like a Plan F that covers everything that Medicare does not cover except of course prescription drugs. You still need a Part D prescription drug plan. The cost for a Medigap or a Medicare supplement can range from $50.00 to $350.00 at age 65 depending on the level of coverage you would like.Open enrollment which allows you to move in and out of these plans is Oct 15 to Dec 7th every year. Another option is getting a Medicare Advantage Plan, which is also offered by private insurance companies but most of the time there are plans available with a $0.00 monthly premium in addition to what they already take out of your check for part B. Instead of paying 20% like Medicare, you pay low or no co-pays when you seek medical services. There are usually no deductibles on a Medicare Advantage Plan either. For more info please visit: rocoinsurance.com/medicare-products.html

Is  Lifeline  Covered  By  Medicare?
Medicare does not cover medical alert systems, even if you have a doctor's note / prescription. Most insurance companies won't cover them either. Some states may have their own programs that will help provide financial assistance for medical alert systems - certain criteria may be required to be met before the financial assistance can be provided however.

When  To  Buy  Disability  Insurance?
The time to buy disability insurance is when you start earning a full time income, if your employer does not provide group disability coverage. If you have enough saved up to survive three months off of work, all you will need to purchase is a long term disability insurance policy.

What  Does  10  Year  Term  Life  Insurance  Mean?
10 year term life insurance means that the policy will stay the same price for 10 years, then either end, or jump way up in price. Some policies offer a rider to extend the policy beyond 10 years at an additional cost. Normally, after the 10 years of a 10 year term life insurance policy are up, the insured person must apply for a new policy at rates appropriate to their older age and health at that time. Or else they may be able to convert their policy to permanent insurance before the 10 year term ends. The permanent insurance is guaranteed to have the same health rating as the term did, and priced according to the age of the insured at the time of conversion.

Can  The  IRS  Levy  Life  Insurance  Proceeds?
Once constructive receipt of life insurance proceeds enter the beneficiaries account, it becomes an asset. If the IRS levies the account, the life insurance funds are commingled with the other funds in the accounts and can be collected. It important for beneficiaries to remain unencumbered with financial liabilities, especially when they may be receiving life insurance proceeds.

Why  Did  Employer  Sponsored  Health  Insurance  Began?
That's a great question! There are two good reasons for an employer to offer coverage. The first reason for an employer to offer benefits was/is to draw an employee that may choose another employer. For example, if there are two widget factories in town, both paying the same wages, I can sweeten the deal for you by saying "I'll pay you the same as them, AND I'll give you benefits!" Who would you choose? Benefits are a way for the employer to entice and retain employees. The other reason is that if you have insurance, you can afford to go to the doctor and be treated. without the coverage, you miss work, or are forced to quit, impacting the companies profits by increasing turnover, training costs, and lost productivity.The employer also pays a portion of what the total cost of the coverage would have been, if you'd have had to pay for it yourself. Hope that answers your question!

Can  You  Own  A  Car  Without  Insurance?
You can, sure, but in most states, insurance of some sort is required in order to register it and drive it on public roads. Normally, states require a certain minimum level of liability coverage and proof there of in order to process a registration. Your insurance professional will be able to help you understand your state's regulations.

What  Exactly  Does  Medicare  Supplement  F  Cover?
Medicare Supplemental Plan F covers 100% of what Medicare doesn't cover. Keep in mind, when you have Supplemental (AKA Medigap) Plans, Medicare is your primary insurance provider. For medically necessary procedures, Medicare Parts A (Hospital) and B (Doctors) provides good coverage, but still leaves folks on Medicare with a lot of out of pocket exposure. The Plan F pays for everything that Medicare doesn't pay. However, if Medicare determines that the medical procedure you received wasn't medically necessary, they won't pay anything nor will the Supplement Plan (regardless of who you get your supplemental plan with).

When  Can  I  Sign  Up  For  Medigap  Insurance?
There is an "open enrollment period" during which you can buy any Medigap insurance policy (Plan F) sold in your state beginning the month in which you turn age 65 and you are enrolled in Medicare Part B. During this six month open enrollment period, you can buy any Medigap insurance offered, even if you have health problems, for the same price as people in good health. If you apply for Medigap coverage after your open enrollment period, there's no guarantee that an insurance company will sell you a Medigap policy if you dont meet the medical underwriting requirements, unless you're eligible because you have group health insurance through an employer or union. If this is your situation, the Medigap enrollment period begins when you sign-up for Part B. There are some situations if you are under 65 and are eligible for Medicare because of a disability you could be eligible for Medigap coverage. If you have End-Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) and are under 65, some states require at least one type of Medigap policy to be offered to you.

Are  Trampolines  Covered  By  Renters  Insurance?
Many carriers will not provide renters/homeowners insurance coverage if the insured has a trampoline on the property that is covered. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Does  Farmers  Insurance  Have  Renters  Insurance?
Farmers Insurance does have renters insurance. I would recommend you contact your local Farmers Insurance agent to discuss the renters insurance options available. You can find your local agent by going to WEBSITELINK . Your local agent will be able to find you the best options for your policy.

My  Partner  Had  A  Wreck  In  My  Car  &  the  officer  was  inappropriate  on  top  of  things.
I am very sorry to hear about your partners rough morning! I am glad that she and her passengers are ok. Unfortunately, I'm sure that you have a pretty good idea of what the worst case scenario will be - she is an at fault motorist involved in an accident, she is not an insured in your car, your insurance company refuses to pay, and you are stuck with the repair bill, and she gets a ticket. It may work out that if you go to court, and she is able to prove that the other driver was at fault, that you may be able to file a claim against them, and maybe recoup some of your losses. Your best bet is to contact your agent, explain what happened, and ask for their advice on how to proceed. Good luck! If there is any way that I can help, please feel free to contact me. Thanks for asking!

Does  Humana  Offer  Life  Insurance  Products?
Humana is a health insurance company that offers individual and group health insurance. Humana also offers supplemental life insurance for individuals and groups. For individuals, Humana offers a Junior Estate Builder for your children or grandchildren, and a Memorial Fund for people 45 - 80 to take care of final expenses. On the group insurance side, Humana offers supplemental term life insurance for employees or spouses and dependents.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Stolen  Jewelry?
Most renters insurance provides some limited coverage for jewelry within the policy. Normally the amount of coverage provided by the policy is subject to the policy's deductible. If you have a piece of jewelry that is valued at five hundred dollars or more you should talk to your agent aboout having that piece scheduled on an endorsement on the policy to provide the coverage that you need.

What  Is  The  Cost  Of  Homeowners  Insurance  In  California?
Cost of homeowners insurance in California is based on location, replacement cost of the dwelling which would entail putting together all the characteristics of the home. Past claims experience and potential discounts you may qualify for. A California independent agent like myself could help you find the right insurance carrier at the right premium to fit your needs.

How  Much  Does  Life  Insurance  Cost  Per  Year?
There is no set cost for life insurance like there is for Medicare or homeowner's insurance. Life insurance comes in a large variety of term and permanent products, and each option has a different price structure, not to mention the difference in prices between companies. The price also depends on your age, health, and how much you need. To get some samples of life insurance rates, you can visit a website that offers instant quotes. Input your info and actual life insurance rates will come up at the end. You can even change the data on some websites like ours, so that you can review the prices for different types of policies.

How  Do  I  Borrow  Against  My  Life  Insurance?
If you have permanent life insurance, like whole life, you can borrow against it, from any equity which you would have earned, after about two years. You merely contact your life insurance agent, or the carrier direct if you do not have an agent any longer, and inform them of your desire to borrow against your policy. They will send you a form asking for the relevant information. All this can be done within one day. You can then have the funds direct deposited into your checking account or have a check sent to you. Thank you. GARY LANE.

Where  To  Purchase  Disability  Insurance?
There are several brokerage companies online that offer several disability companies. It's important to have a well represented inventory of disability companies to compare benefits and premium payments for a competitive analysis. Shopping online can help you secure a competitive bid as long as you're fore right about your health history, current medical condition and you can substantiate your income.

Do  Annuities  Have  RMD?
A tax deferred annuity is an insurance product. RMD is an acronym for required minimum distributions at age 70 1/2 in a qualified plan. You can have an annuity in a qualified plan as a funding vehicle. At age 70 1/2, you would have to take required minimum distributions from your annuity (if that's the only product in your plan.)

Is  Genworth  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Good?
There are less than a dozen good companies remaining in the long term care insurance market. And half of those are excellent long term care insurance companies. Genworth is among the best, especially with its latest policy rendition. And if it means anything, your humble responder (me) owes Genworth.

Will  Medicare  Pay  For  A  Quad  Cane?
Yes, Medicare will pay for a quad cane if it is prescribed by a doctor as medically necessary for support in walking. An exception might be if you were using a walker and went "backwards" to using a cane. Medicare will not pay for a downgrade like that, but would pay for an upgrade (e.g. single point cane upgrade to quad cane).

How  Much  Does  Life  Insurance  Cost  For  A  20  Year  Old?
Of course, how much life insurance costs for a 20 year old depends on how much life insurance the 20 year old is purchasing, how long they want the premium to be locked in, whether they have any health problems, and if they want to purchase a policy that requires an exam or goes with a quick policy requiring no medical exam. For a very healthy nonsmoker at age 20, who is purchasing $100,000 of 30 year level Term without having to take an exam, the price is about $25/month. This is much less if you take an exam.

What  Are  Contingent  Annuities?
Contingent annuities do not make payments to the beneficiary until a specified event triggers the payment to begin. This condition is set up when the annuity is secured. E.g. The payment of the annuity may be contingent upon the death of the annuity holder, or upon the beneficiary retiring or becoming disabled.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  If  I  Have  Hypertension?
Can you get life insurance if you have hypertension? Possibly. It's going to depend on your level of control and how long you've been treated for Hypertension. With conditions like Hypertension the longer you've had it is actually better, especially if you can show a good record of control with medication. An underwriter would be more leary of an applicant with just diagnosed hypertension. A track record of control on the other hand, can still get a person preferred rates with some companies.

How  Do  Health  Insurance  Companies  Make  Money?
Health insurance companies make money by charging more in premiums than the pay out in claims. The company has to project claims expenses 12 months into the future when setting premium rates. Most plans change premium rates only once per year. The Affordable Care Act requires that insurers spend 80% to 85% of premium dollars on direct medical care. If the ratio falls below that figure then the difference must be refunded to policyholders.

How  Good  Is  Genworth  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
There are not many long term care insurance companies (LTCi) left in the extended care market place. Perhaps there are a half a dozen worth your consideration. Genworth is one of the top LTCi companies in the U.S. They generally rank well in annual premium cost against the competitors and offer excellent policy language in their contractual definitions.

Which  Is  The  Best  Life  Insurance  To  Buy?
There are many types of life insurance available in the market place today. There is annual renewable and guaranteed level term life insurance. Permanent life insurance has two actuarial policy platforms: participating whole life insurance and current assumption universal life. Universal life has three basic crediting methods: interest rate, index and separate equity/bond sub account performance. When considering the purchase of life insurance, you should explore life insurance spreadsheets from the brokerage community are an excellent starting place to explore the life insurance company that best suits your financial profile, risk tolerance and economic goals. The spreadsheets are divided into two macro categories: Term Life Insurance and Permanent Life Insurance.

Will  Home  Insurance  Claim  Increase  My  Premium?
A claim against your homeowners policy could affect subsequent premiums. You might be getting a discount for having been loss-free which would not be available next term. If the loss met certain prescribed levels it would make your home a substandard risk and the premium might be increased to reflect the increased risk. Actions taken on rates normally affect a policy for three years.

Is  Car  Insurance  Automatically  Renewed?
No, you renew it by paying the premium. The company does not have to renew your policy. If your claims history or driving record no longer meets their criteria you can be canceled, have your rates increased or be placed in the companies high risk plan if they have one.

When  Should  I  Drop  Life  Insurance?
It ultimately depends on your personal situation, but there will always be a need to have life insurance coverage (such as income replacement for your spouse, burial expenses, fees for the handling of your estate, leaving a legacy to your loved ones, etc. - using life insurance to provide income for your spouse after you die is a major need for coverage that is often overlooked). You may simply need to change the amount of total coverage you have in force as your needs change, but you will most likely need to have some level of coverage in force forever. The most common type of life insurance that gets dropped is term insurance. The reason usually being that the term period on the policy is expiring/has expired and the premiums start increasing. When this happens, people usually buy a new policy to replace the old term policy to save money on their premiums. If you're unsure about what to do for your specific circumstances, speak with an experienced broker who can help you determine the best course of action for your specific needs. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for further assistance and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Why  Are  Insurance  Companies  Dropping  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Insurance Carriers have experienced higher claims and losses, due to increased longevity, chronic illness survival rates and cost of care. As a result, 12 of the top 20 carriers have dropped out of the market in the past 4-5 years. In addition, all carriers have had huge rate increases and/or offered clients a cash buy-out option to cancel older policies. Newer policies have been re-designed and re-priced to account for increased LTC expenses. In most cases, I recommend Living Benefit Life that will accelerate up to 100% of the face value (depending upon severity of illness), in case of: Critical Illness (Cancer, Heart Attack, Stroke, Major Organ Transplant, etc.); Chronic Illness; Disability; Terminal Illness; or Death. This allows the client to have one policy with guaranteed level premiums that can provide access to funds while they are alive or in case of death.

Can  I  Keep  My  Car  Without  Insurance?
You can keep your car without insurance. However, you can not drive it, which takes a lot of the fun away from owing a vehicle! If you do not plan on insuring it, take the licence plates off the vehicle, and either store the car away or keep it so it is very secure. You would not want any small children (or animals) wanderingaroundand entering it.

What  Is  Disability  Insurance  For  Pregnancy?
The type of Disability Insurance that covers normal pregnancy is Short Term Disability, or "Sick Leave". Long Term Disability will cover complications experienced while pregnant or as a results of childbirth or recovery from childbirth. But Long Term Disability will not cover time off due to a normal pregnancy.

What  Kind  Of  Annuities  Are  Out  There?
There are many different kinds of annuities offered by many different insurance companies. Each annuity has its own features. I typically group annuities into four main categories. Immediate Annuities: This is an annuity that begins a payment stream upon purchase or shortly thereafter (within a year). The payment is guaranteed for a period of time or for a lifetime (or lifetimes in the case of a joint payout). Variable Annuities: This annuity has tax deferred growth that is based on the performance of the sub-accounts within the contract. The owner of the annuity can choose which accounts to allocate their funds. The performance of the annuity can be either positive or negative so an owner is assuming some level of investment risk. Fixed Annuity: This annuity has tax deferred growth that is set for a fixed period of time. The interest rate of the annuity is usually set at the purchase date but can be adjusted at a later date in some contracts. The performance is usually a known outcome and highly dependent on the length of the annuity contract. Indexed Annuities: This annuity has tax deferred growth that is based on the performance of an particular index(es). The owner can choose which index(es) to allocate their funds such as the S&P, but their funds aren't actually invested in that index. The index is only used to determine the performance. The performance of indexed annuities are usually only zero or higher with a limit on the upside known as a "cap." These are general definitions and are by no means suggesting which is better or more appropriate for any situation. My recommendation, if you are interested in learning more about annuities, is to speak with a professional licensed to describe the pros and cons of each annuity type based on your particular situation.

What  Is  FIO  In  Disability  Insurance?
FIO in Disability Insurance stands for Future Income Options. A future income option rider allows the insured person to purchase additional disability insurance as their income grows in their career, without having to qualify for it through medical underwriting. Being able to get additional coverage at the rates while having good health can be a huge benefit.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Knee  Replacement  Surgery?
Yes, Medicare does cover knee and hip replacement surgeries. These are very popular surgeries and getting more common all the time. However, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) is reported to be considering deep cuts in the reimbursements paid to orthopedic doctors for performing this type of operation. It remains to be seen if that comes to pass.

Is  Corporate  Owned  Life  Insurance  Ethical?
A corporation operates as a person and as such can buy life insurance. They can only buy life insurance on someone with whom they have an insurable interest. They cannot select someone at random, purchase insurance on them and then hope that they die soon. A corporation would suffer a loss if a key person were to die prematurely. The corporation may have other obligations such as buying back the shares of a deceased shareholder. There are many reasons that a corporation can and should purchase life insurance.

How  Long  Is  A  Child  Covered  Under  Health  Insurance?
For most people the answer is that children can be covered under their parent's health insurance until age 26. Children must be covered even if they are married, no longer enrolled in school, or not claimed as a dependent on tax returns. The Afffordable Care Act added this requirement. Grandfathered plans are exempt from the requirement. Some states may have additional requirements for dependents. For example, NJ has a requirement to cover dependents up to age 30 with different exclusion rules.

Who  Can  Get  USAA  Car  Insurance?
Their recent T.V. commercials are pretty good, with the people of all ages, who state that they have a USAA policy through various military service and family connections. The first level of those who are eligible for their policies are active, retired and/or enlisted U.S. military personnel. Also eligible are Officer Candidate personnel, such as ROTC and other military service candidate programs. Additionally, the adult (18+ age) children of parents who either had or currently have a USAA auto or home product and widows or widowers of former USAA auto and home policyholders are eligible.

Can  Life  Insurance  Be  Used  As  Collateral  For  A  Loan?
My colleagues have handled this pretty well actually. As has been said, there are a couple of factors and ways that Life Insurance may be used as collateral for a loan. The most common requiers the policy to be some form of permanent Life Insurance with a reportable cash value. These types of policies are certainly considered when a commercial banking institution is measuring one's net worth and underwriting a loan application just as bank accounts or other investment holdings. However, if the loan is for business purposes, for example, if a contractor is purchasing a major piece of equipment, a condition of the loan may be the purchase of even a short term Life policy which would then be collaterally assigned to the lending institution.

When  Not  To  File  A  Car  Insurance  Claim?
If there is no one else involved in the accident and the cost to repair the damage is within your means to pay, PAY IT out of pocket! Don't put marks on your insurance history unless you have to. Save your insurance for the large losses (lets hope you never have a large loss). Too often the loss of discounts, rewards, and surcharges exceed the cost of the cost of the repair. Customers get upset out it later and wished they had asked before. Good question and my advice be sure you have insurance with a company that has an agent that you can trust to ask questions, just like this!

What  Is  The  Commission  On  A  Single  Premium  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Commissions vary by carriers, but on average the first year commission on a single premium whole life insurance policy is around 3 to 4% on fully underwritten policies (i.e. you undergo complete medical review to determine eligibility for coverage). For policies that are issued on a guaranteed issue basis, commissions tend to be higher averaging around 7% and can range as high as 12-15%.

How  Much  Is  Typical  Home  Insurance?
A typical home insurance policy has several pricing points. The first is the location where the property is located. Another factor is the amount of money it would take to rebuild the same structure. Other factors include the amount of liability protection desired and the claims history of the applicant and the home. It is wise to get a quote on homeowners insurance prior to purchasing a home. Occasionally there are reasons that the home doesnt qualify for standard insurance. That could increase the cost of home ownership.

How  To  Plan  For  Retirement  In  Your  60s?
If by planning in your sixties you mean start planning, then you're working until age 70, not taking Social Security until age 70 and and required minimum distributions at age 70 1/2. If you mean you're ready to retire, do the same for maximum income with Social Security and more money to set aside for retirement by working longer. The #1 risk to retirement is human longevity. You'll need the extra money.

Do  You  Need  Long  Term  Disability  Insurance?
That depends on how long you could live without your paycheck. Long term disability insurance is designed to replace a portion of your income if you were to become sick or injured and could no longer work. Consider how much your ability to make an income is worth. If you make $50,000 per year and assuming you never got another raise and were planning on working for 30 more years, your income would be worth $1,500,000 ($50,000 X 30). This about it this way...if your car is worth $15,000 and lets assume you pay $100 per month for car insurance. If your income is worth $1,500,000, doesn't it make sense to pay $100 per month for a long term disability policy to protect that?

Does  Weight  Affect  Health  Insurance  Premiums?
Health insurance companies currently evaluate your height and weight and calculate your BMI (body metric index) to get an idea of your overall health. I have had clients that have had to pay a surcharge (additional premium) due to being overweight and several declined due to morbid obesity. I even had a client declined for being underweight. Excessive weight can lead to numerous physical and medical conditions. Some chronic, some life threatening. There is no such thing as a healthy fat person.

How  Much  Does  Auto  Insurance  Agent  Make  Per  Policy?
Well it all depends on the company they work for. But most agents make a small amount of money selling an auto policy. They count on the Renewals to run there agency. you can always ask your agent how much he will make selling your auto insurance. But typically its betten %5-%10 of the policy premium.

How  To  Sue  Someone  With  No  Auto  Insurance?
While this isnt a legal corner you can probably approach this in one of two ways. You can file a claim with your insurance carrier, particularly if you have comprehensive and collision coverage. They will settle your claim and then pursue the other party. The other way would be to hire an attorney and file a lawsuit. Perhaps it could be handled in small claims but being without insurance doesnt absolve the other driver from responsibility.

How  To  Choose  A  Homeowners  Insurance?
That is a great question! The best way to choose a policy is to do two things: Your homework, and the legwork. Ask around family and friends and see what they did, or didn't do when choosing theirs. If a family member has a similar sized home, ask what their policy covers, and costs. Have a good idea what the value of your things are - have serial numbers, models and makes, even pictures of things to establish value. Get comparable prices. List everything - clothes, appliances, lamps, everything that you would have to replace. Some companies, like State farm, will have a program that can help you do this, and store the information for you. Then do the legwork- find a good agent, and compare prices. Talk about deductibles, and replacement value. When you are comfortable, then buy. If you need help, please feel free to contact me, okay? Thanks for asking!

How  Much  Is  For  Car  Insurance?
How much is for car insurance? Hmmm. What is this person attempting to ask? How many people like auto insurance? No, I think they mean something else. How much does it cost? Yes, that's probably it. Rates vary, depending on your age, location, driving record and vehicle. As experienced brokers, we're always happy to shop for the best rates and show you the lowest prices. LIVE (2014/2015) Answer provided by: Ed Harris - Premier US car insurance broker for 33 years and owner of several top-rated websites where consumers find the lowest available rates.

Can  You  Borrow  On  Term  Life  Insurance?
Typically term life insurance does not provide any cash value, so you would not be able to borrow from it. At this point I am not aware of any term life insurance policies that offer cash accumulation that allow for loans on the policy. There is a type of term policy known as "Return of Premium" that provide a portion of yourpremium payments at the end of the policy term if the policy has not been collected on and all policy requirements have been met during the policy period. To find out more about this type of policy contact your local agent to find out if they have it available within the policies they offer.

What  Does  My  Auto  Insurance  Score  Mean?
Many auto insurance companies utilize consumer credit information and specialized algorithms designed to predict the likelihood of future claims. An auto insurance score may use both consumer credit, demographic data, driving records, and past claims information to predict future claims. These scores are then used to determine what premium rate to charge. People expected to make fewer claims pay less, and those expected to make more claims pay a higher rate.

How  Does  Equity  Indexed  Universal  Life  Insurance  Work?
Indexed universal life uses domestic and foreign indices with crediting methods:cap rates, participation rates and spread rates. The life insurance company generally purchases index options. If the options are exercised a positive credit is applied. If the options are not exercised, then nothing is credited. Like all life insurance policies, index universal life has policy fess, expenses and cost of insurance that is deducted from the premium. Then the credit, if any, is applied.

Which  Are  The  Best  Variable  Annuities?
Variable annuities are securities. You can lose all your money, unless you deposit the entire amount into the guaranteed interest rate account. Before moving forward with variable annuity recommendations you must first, like all security purchases, establish your financial profile, risk tolerance and economic goal to establish client suitability for this and/or any other product. The present variable annuities may be too expensive for the value proposition of an investor. Last decade, during the interest rate arms race, variable annuities had economic viability. Today these policies have changed enough to warrant due care examination of the cost versus the value they deliver.

Does  Kentucky  Tax  Life  Insurance  Benefits?
Kentucky does not charge income tax on life insurance benefits if they are left to a person, rather than the estate. If life insurance goes through probate, it will be taxed. Life insurance benefits are charged Kentucky inheritance taxes, with varying degrees of exemptions given to different types of heirs. They are also subject to federal estate taxes if of a sufficient amount, and in the estate of the last remaining spouse.

Does  My  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Theft?
Talk to your Insurance professional, but in most cases, modern Renters Insurance Policies do include theft as a covered peril, yes. Now, there may be policy limits included that you need to know about. In some cases, companies can settle covered theft losses on certain things, like camera equipment for example, based upon a stated "inside limit" listed on your policy's declaration sheet. Further, your personal property may be covered outside your home (while on vacation or in your car as two examples) but only up to a stated maximum of 10% of the total Personal Property coverage amount .

What  Do  I  Need  To  Know  When  Buying  Life  Insurance?
This is a good question. It's not really a matter of what you need to know but rather what you want in a plan. What are you looking to accomplish? Do you want to just cover final expenses or do you want to make sure the house and cars are paid off if you expire. You are welcome to contact us if you live in a state that we are licensed in and we can help you decide and enroll in a plan.

Who  Should  Carry  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Long Term Care is the elephant in the room. Many carriers have exited the market because they were not able to make money in this niche. The question you should be asking is what will happen if my spouse or I require care? You will not find any good answer unless you have coverage or can afford the $70,000 per year plus that it costs. The changes of needing care are high, but not for a long period of time. In addition, there are several other ways of paying for long term care with life insurance and annuity riders that you should investigate.

Who  Is  An  Active  Participant  In  A  Retirement  Plan?
An active participant is anyone who is contributing (can contribute to the plan). For employment plans, this would be anyone who is employed and has access to the plan. Generally employees who work a certain number of hours per year and who are at least 18 years old.

Is  Whole  Life  Insurance  The  Same  As  Universal?
Think of it as apples and fruit. Universal is a type ofpermanent life insurance. But there are other types of permanent life insurance. Whole life is another type of permanent life insurance. Whole life is a fixed product, whose premium never varies, and whose value increases over time, based on the carrier's investments in your fixed account. Universal is permanent, and will never end, so long as you continue to pay, unlike term whose premiums will increase after the end of a fixed term. However, with universal, the policy value may go up or may go down, based on whatever it is pegged to reflect. It is possible with universal that you may have to put more money in that expected, if the market were to take a serious hit. This would not happen with whole life. A way to avoid this is to buy indexed universal life. It allows the policy to grow with the market, but at a somewhat lower rate, but it prevents the policy to lose money when the market goes down, as it locks in the balance annually. Over time, this actually can give you a better return than a standard universal, even in an overall good market, not just a bad one. Talk to your agent. Thank you. GARY LANE.

How  Long  Can  I  Be  On  My  Parents  Health  Insurance?
Under the Affordable Care Act, if your plan covers children, you can add or keep your children on your health insurance policy until they turn 26 years old. There is one temporary exception: Until 2014, "grandfathered" group plans do not have to offer dependent coverage up to age 26 if a young adult is eligible for group coverage outside their parents plan. Also, I would check with the state in which you live. For example, Florida enacted legislation in 2008 that allows dependent children to continue their dependent coverage up to the end of the calendar year in which they turn 30 years old, based on eligibility guidelines.

What  Is  The  Best  Health  Insurance  You  Can  Buy?
Although there are several ways to qualify "best", I will try to adress some of the most popular views of what would be best. If you are refering to the best coverage then a "Platnum" plan- 90% coinsurance coverage from the insurance company, with little to no deductable, this type of coverage would be structured as a PPO plan. If you are refering to the best coverage at the lowest cost then a Consumer Directed Health Plan would be the best way to ballance the two opposing variables. CDHP's are health insurance policies that combine a variety of different structuring options(PPO,POS,HMO, etc..), however they have a high deductable that must be meet before the policies coinsurance would cover many medical services (except for routine, and preventitive care). The high deductable reduces the cost of the plan and is offset by a Medical Savings/Expense account.

What  Is  Personal  Liability  In  Home  Insurance?
Personal liability is what protects you from lawsuit if someone is injured on your property. We live in a litigious society, unfortunately, making higher limits of liability necessary. I recommend at least $300,000 for the average homeowner and more if you live in an upscale neighborhood. It is a protection for you and the cost is not that great.

Does  Medicare  Pay  For  IV  Antibiotics  At  Home?
No unfortunately Medicare does not pay for IV Antibiotics or almost any infusion therapy done in one's home. The only exception is IVIG (Intravenous Immune Globulin) for people with a diagnosis of primary immune deficiency disease, although then it only covers the globulin itself.

Does  Life  Insurance  Know  If  You  Smoke?
When you apply for life insurance, the insurance company will ask about smoking on the application. If you take a No Exam policy, they will ask you about smoking in the phone interview. And if you are applying for a medically underwritten policy, they will test for nicotine in your blood and/or urine. If medical records are ordered and a history of smoking is noted in your medical records, they will take that into consideration, as well.

Do  I  Need  Medicare  Part  B  With  Tricare?
Tricare , formerly known as CHAMPUS, provides civilian benefits for military personnel, and their dependents. Tricare for Life (TFL) was designed to offer secondary coverage to Medicare for all who have Medicare Part A and Part B. There are very few ways one can have Tricare without having Part B. Here is a helpful link to explain TFL and Medicare. WEBSITELINK

Is  A  Roth  Ira  A  Tax  Deferred  Retirement  Plan?
Most Roth IRAs are deferred plans. There is a special IRS code for retirement plans that are funded with after-tax dollars. This is the description of a Roth IRA. The money that you put into the account has already been taxed so it is not taxed in the future. The interest on the money is not taxed either. When you withdraw funds from a Roth IRA, those funds will come to you income tax free if you meet certain conditions. It is not a short term plan. It requires patience but it is a well-guarded secret.

Does  Medicare  Pay  For  Lucentis?
To my knowledge, Lucentis is not yet on the approved list for Medicare prescription drug plans. It was not listed on the Medicare drug formulary finder which is a good indication is not covered. Lucentis is used to treat macular degeneration. In tests it has proven no more effective than Bevacizuman which is about $42 per dose vs $1600 for Lucentis.

Is  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  A  Good  Purchase?
Long Term Care Insurance is a good purchase if there is a risk of needing nursing home, assisted living, or home health care in your future. My father waited too long to get long term care insurance, and no longer qualified for it. It would have been nice to have that extra income to help my mom care for him. There are so many ways that people can be laid up, and hospitals are reluctant to allow people to stay too long. So long term care insurance can be a very good purchase for helping those who need the care, and for those who give it.

What  Is  The  Cheapest  Health  Insurance  In  Georgia?
The cheapest health insurance in Georgia will vary, depending on which part of the state you live in, and other additional factors. As an experienced broker, we search and find the lowest rates from top-rated companies. Keep in mind that if you qualify for a subsidy, your premium will reduce...perhaps substantially.

Where  Can  I  Find  Cheap  Renters  Insurance?
Shop your coverage with local agents in your area. Renters insurance is normally inexpensive. If you are looking to cut the cost some consider having your auto and renters coverage with the same carrier this will typically get you a discount on both policies. Find yourself an agent that you are comfortable working with as they will be the person that will assist you when you have a question or concern about coverage or a claim.

Can  Homeowners  Insurance  Deny  My  Claim?
If your claim does not fall under the perils of your policy coverage's then yes your homeowners insurance carrier can deny the claim. Many denied claims fall in the realm of wear and tear or in other words something that has been occurring over a long period of time. This would not fall under sudden and accidental.

How  Long  Can  You  Stay  On  Health  Insurance  Of  Parents?
You can stay on your parents health insurance until age 26 at which point you would be kicked off the plan and have to secure your own coverage. You have the option to get your own coverage prior to age 26 if you prefer. Consult with an experienced broker to discuss your options and see what the best course of action is for your program. Please feel free to contact me for help. Thanks very much.

Does  Obamacare  Take  From  Medicare?
Obamacare decreases funding for Medicare by more than $700 billion between now and 2020. The cuts will be used to fund rebates for those under age 65 who either do not have insurance now or will be purchasing health insurance through the health insurance exchange (now called the marketplace). The subsidies are for low income individuals.

Does  Part  B  Medicare  Cover  Prescriptions?
Some Chemotherapy and injectable drugs are covered under Part B but most drugs are not. That is why you need Medicare Part D which is your Prescription Drug Plan. Part D is administered by private insurance companies under the supervision and guidance of the Center for Medicare Services. You must select a Prescription drug plan or face penalties by Medicare.

Can  I  Transfer  My  Car  Insurance  To  Another  Vehicle?
If you sell a vehicle and obtain a new vehicle you can keep the same policy. However the rates will adjust according to the new vehicle. When replacing a vehicle you will need to call your agent so the agent can update your existing policy and make sure the coverage's are adequate.

Who  Has  The  Cheapest  Renters  Insurance?
The cheapest renters (tenants) insurance is the one that pays the full amount needed when a claim is filed. Anything less is a poor policy. The cheapest policy is the one that comes from an agent that you can trust. With that agents advice you can craft a policy that will provide adequate protection for you.

How  Much  Tax  Will  I  Pay  On  Life  Insurance?
Life insurance is usually left to a beneficiary income tax free. There will be income tax charged on the interest paid if the death benefit is taken in installments. Estate taxes can apply if the amount of coverage pushes the estate above the exempted amount. This year the amount exempted from federal estate tax is $5,250,000.

When  Should  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Be  Purchased?
A good time to purchase Long Term Care Insurance is before age 60, simply because rates are lower the younger you are. Also, the chances of having a health condition are lower the younger you are, which in turn affects rates or even your ability to get Long Term Care insurance at all.

When  Is  Life  Insurance  Not  Necessary?
Some people (my husband included) feel that life insurance is not necessary if they have saved up or invested enough money to cover any needs that might arise. I disagree in the respect that savings and investments can be depleted on medical bills, long term care costs, or other large expenses. Whereas life insurance pays out at death, so it is protected from being exhausted prior to death, and can pay off even bills or final expenses after savings run out.

Can  Someone  On  Disability  Get  Life  Insurance?
Disability insurance is based on morbidity events. If the morbidity event doesnt have inherent mortality debits or negative implications, then life insurance, a mortality product can still secured all other things being equal. That means a disability caused by an injury that has recovery prospects has a better opportunity than a disability caused by a disease that is ongoing as an example.

Is  Life  Insurance  Mandatory  In  Montana?
No, life insurance is not mandatory in Montana or any of the other 49 states in the United States. Sometimes, e.g., BA loans will require purchase of a life insurance policy to cover the loan. But there is no state or federal law requiring the people purchase life insurance.

Does  South  Dakota  Require  Auto  Insurance?
All states require at least a minimum amount of liability coverage before you can legally drive a car. You do not have to have insurance coverage that will pay to repair or replace your own car but you do have to protect other people's property that you might damage with your car.

What  Is  The  Difference  Between  Term  Life  And  Universal  Life  Insurance?
Term life will pay a death benefit to those that you love if you die within a specified period of time. A universal life policy is a permanent life insurance policy in that it can be used to provide coverage until the day of death whether that is soon or many years from now. The term policy is pure expense. The universal life policy, while more expensive now, can actually reduce the cost of protection over many years by accumulating cash values. Discuss this with your agent.

Does  The  SEC  Regulate  Annuities?
Tax deferred annuities have three crediting methods: interest rate crediting, indexed crediting and separate sub accounts that use equity and bond and bond investments. Separate accounts in variable annuities are a registered security and fall under the jurisdiction of FINRA as well as the department of insurance in the state of issue.

What  Is  A  Rolling  Target  Life  Insurance?
Rolling target just refers to an agent compensation method for universal life insurance programs. It's not a type of life insurance coverage. The commissions agents earn on their sale of a universal life product are based on the "target premium" of a policy because universal products feature flexible premiums. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me with any other questions you may have. Thanks very much.

When  To  Purchase  Annuities?
You should purchase an annuity when you need a lifetime stream of income. That is what only an annuity can provide. There are other times to purchase an annuity. You need to save towards retirement or some other long term goal and want the earnings of the savings to be tax deferred. An annuity is your solution. You might buy an annuity to realize a greater profit as compared with other long term savings vehicles.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Mudslides?
Typically, mud-related claims are not covered on homeowner's insurance policies, even though they cause more than $1 billion in losses each year. However, you can purchase Flood Insurance, which may cover mudflow damage (which is different than mudslide damage).Your contents would also be covered. Some states will allow an "earth movement" rider which may cover a mudslide. It's always best to check with an experienced broker that can quickly discuss your best options by reviewing multiple carriers in your area.

Who  Started  Medicare  Advantage?
The federal government started Medicare Advantage. In 1997, the Balanced Budget Act gave Medicare recipients the option of receiving their benefits through private health plans, called "Medicare+Choice" or Medicare "Part C." The named changed to Medicare Advantage when the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 added prescription drug coverage to Part C.

When  Should  I  Drop  Comprehensive  Car  Insurance?
That is soley a personal decision. Ultimately the decision is really what can you bare as a financial loss should you be in an accident and you vehicle is damaged. As the vehicle ages it is normally worth less and less each year so if the vehicle is damage the less you will receive for the vehicle if it is considered totaled.Typically if a vehicle is over seven years old many insured will no longer collison or other than collision coverage. You have to weigh the decision of paying the extra premium for the extra coverage over the value of the vehicle.

What  Does  A  Salvage  And  Recovery  Clause  Mean?
Salvage and recovery relates to subrogation and rights of recovery that an insurance company reserves for themselves after indemnifying you for a loss. The entire concept of salvage, recovery, subrogation, and indemnification fill up text books. Insurance is a contract and in the contract the insurance company has been asked by you, in exchange for mutual understandings and agreements, to provide protection against certain kinds of losses. When your insurance company indemnifies you for your loss, they replace you in position of right in many situations. For example, if your car were damaged beyond repair, the carrier pays to you the value of the car and in doing so, assumes right and title to the salvage value of your car. They sell this salvage to businesses that resell the usable parts and the insurance company uses the money they collect to lower the final dollar cost of paying your loss to you. Recovery usually relates to the right of the carrier to pursue "recovery" from the responsible, negligent party who damaged your car. This process is referred to as subrogating and the carrier seeks to recovery from the at-fault and negligent driver (under tort laws) all or a portion of the amounts they paid to make you whole after your loss. Another closely related provision in your insurance is the right of "abandonment". Insurance companies do not grant you the right to abandon your property so you can collect a larger reimbursement. This may come up during the settlement of pairs and sets, like ear rings. The insurance company will not let you surrender (abandon) to them the other ear ring so you can make the insurance carrier liable for a larger amount so you can buy a new set of ear rings. The obligation of the carrier is to the amount of the the loss even if only a partial loss. That's why your company will repair a car rather than pay you the full value when there is a partial loss. There are other places where salvage comes up, like in inland and ocean marine, but for the vast bulk of readers the latter answers explain how these terms impact your coverage and how your insurance company will deal with you.

Which  Is  The  Best  Car  Insurance  In  Florida?
There are so many responsible carriers in Florida that write both personal and commercial insurance, that I do not believe that any should be singled-out, in my opinion. You might be well-served by contacting several independent agencies in you area and askthem to get you quotes from National and Regional carriers that they represent for auto insurance. Then check out the companies via a few internet searches.

Can  I  Have  Multiple  Home  Insurance  Policies?
You can have multiple homes and a separate policy for each home; or, you can have one home and a separate policy covering distinct lines of risk. The first answer is self evident. The second answer needs a bit of clarification. The basic principal of indemnity means that you will be restored to your original position before the accident. This means you are not supposed to profit from an accident when an insurance company indemnifies you. So, you will not be able to profit by having multiple policies on one home for the same coverage. This type of fraud is specifically dealt with in the terms of the policy. However, you could theoretically get physical damage coverage through Insurance Company A and liability/medical payment protection through Insurance Coverage B. This would create a multiple policy coverage for one home. I hope this helps.

How  Do  Lifetime  Annuities  Work?
The combination of mortality credits and the interest rate yield create a compelling reason to investigate lifetime income you cant outlive. Generally speaking, annuities offer payout options to their policy owners. Some elect to take out withdrawals other predetermined schedules like ten years or twenty years certain. But a popular payout option in a non-qualified annuity is annuitization for the life of the annuitant based on his or her age. This is also the exclusion ratio where basis is amortized to life expectancy as part of the initial payouts.

Does  Humana  Replace  Medicare?
Humana offers both Medicare Advantage Plans and Medicare Supplemental Insurance Plans. Humana Medicare Supplemental Plans do not replace Medicare; they supplement the benefits offered by Medicare Part A and Part B. Humana Medicare Advantage Plans do not exactly replace Medicare, but they offer the full package of Medicare Part A and B and additional coverage in one package.

Is  There  A  Penalty  For  Switching  Car  Insurance?
This question depends on what you mean by penalty. Some insurance carriers may short rate you (hold back some of the premium) if you cancel early. Other things to consider is loss of renewal discounts some insurance carriers offer that may not transfer over to the new insurance carrier you chose. Always ask first before you switch to check to see if any fees apply.

What  Health  Insurance  Covers  Nuvaring?
Nuvaring, a flexible vaginal ring, is a fairly common contraceptive used by many women in the US. It contains two hormones that work together to help prevent pregnancy. Of course, it is not 100% reliable, but is generally considered to be safe. Many health insurers cover the Nuvaring without a copay or deductible. And The Affordable Care Act recently expanded coverage on contraceptives.

How  Much  Does  Health  Insurance  Cost  In  Switzerland?
Swiss resident are required to carrier health insurance, within three months of first moving to the country. Each resident pays an insurance premium for basic coverage that is equal to up to 8% of their personal income. If the actual cost of coverage is higher, the Swiss government provides the insurance person a cash subsidy to pay any additional premium.

Do  I  Have  To  Get  My  Medications  From  My  Part  D  Provider?
If you have a Medicare Part D Rx plan you are not required to purchase your medications through the plan. You can choose to pay cash for the full price of the medication if you wish. In most cases you will find that the full price of a medication is often much more expensive than the copay you you would pay for the medication using your Part D coverage. There are rare instances where the cash price of a medication is actually lower than the copay you would have through the plan. This usually only happens with very inexpensive generic medications that have been on the market for many years. If you are taking a brand name medication it is almost always going to be more cost effective to use your Part D plan to purchase the medication. This way you only pay a small copay instead of the full price of the drug. If you would like more information on Part D plans please visit www.medicare.gov

Does  Mercury  Insurance  Do  SR22?
Yes Mercury Insurance does offer SR-22's when you purchase an auto policy providing you are eligible to obtain a policy through Mercury. Mercury will have guidelines as to who will qualify for their auto product based on your driving record. I recommend you speak with a local Mercury agent if you are interested in a Mercury policy.

Who  Sells  Immediate  Annuities?
To find an agency that sells immediate annuities, you can go to a website or local life insurance agency that advertises them, or call to ask if they sell them. Immediate annuities are contracts between the person buying the annuity and the insurance company. Therefore, they are sold by agents who represent insurance companies.

How  Much  Is  Aflac  Health  Insurance?
AFLAC is not traditional health insurance. They sell supplemtary insurance policies that cover specific events or conditions. Some of their policies cover accidents, critical illness, cancer and hospital confinement. The policies ususally run in the neighborhood of $20 to $40 dollars a month. As an illustration, the cancer policy provides a fixed dollar benefit if you are diagnosed with cancer such as $5,000. If you have chemo you can a fixed dollar amount for eacy chemo treatmentlet's say $350 . All AFLAC insurance policies pay you directly and not medical providers.

Can  I  Get  Car  Insurance  With  An  Out  Of  state  License?
Yes, you probably can, but it would be a good idea to talk to your Insurance Professional about the laws in your new home state. Many states and insurance companies will allow you to obtain car insurance with an out of state license. It will more than likely be required by your new state's DMV in order to register your cars. However, there will more than likly be a time limit during which time you should obtain a new license in the state you are nor residing.

What  Does  Medicare  Medical  Part  B  Cover?
That is a great question! Jason gave you a great rundown of services and costs. If you would like to know more about your Medicare coverage and services you are eligible for, go to the Medicare website WEBSITELINK as it is really helpful. There are a ton of links and places to look for answers. Thanks for asking!

Can  I  Be  Denied  Health  Insurance  In  Maine?
You can't be denied under 'Obamacare'. Plans that you can purchase off the Exchange (like mine), often do have underwriting involved and you may be turned down. Those companies keep their costs down by only accepting healthy people. Shop around and find what's best for you and your situation.

Is  An  Annuity  A  Qualified  Retirement  Plan?
Is an annuity a qualified retirement plan? NO. An annuity can be "used" in or as part of a qualified retirement plan. An annuity on it's own is not a qualified retirement plan. Where people get confused terminology wise is when they have a product (like an annuity) in their retirement plan, so they consider the annuity to "be" the retirement plan. The easiest way to think of retirement plans is they are a box, that stuff goes into. A qualified retirement plan is a box that you can put stocks, bonds, mutual funds and annuities into. The "box" is what makes them "qualified."

Why  does  it  cost  more  to  insure  an  employee  who's  paid  more,  for  doing  the  same  job  with  the  same  risk  as  an  employee  who's  paid  less?
That is a great question, with a very simple answer - while the risks for both employees are the same, the cost of covering their losses isn't. To replace the salary of the higher paid employee will obviously cost more than the lesser paid employee. Workman's comp and disability pay a percentage of your pay, so the higher priced guy costs more. I hope that helps, thanks for asking!

What  Are  Life  Insurance  Gains?
When money is taken out of an existing life insurance policy and the amount taken exceeds the total of premiums paid it is considered a gain and can be taxed as such. In such a situation the insured will often borrow the money from the policy. There may be additional tax considerations

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Wellness  Coaching?
Does health insurance cover wellness coaching? The new Affordable Care Act covers many wellness (preventive) items. But coaching? Based on my 32 years as a broker, I don't believe it is covered. It is always possible that if it is considered therapy or another type of needed treatment, it might be covered.

What  Happens  If  You  Don'T  Have  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Private long term care insurance protects your income and financial assets from being decimated as a result of long term care expenses. If you do not have this coverage, which shifts the risk to the insurance company, you retain the risk. In the event you need assistance with at least two of six of the activities of daily living, the costs can add up. Whether at home, in an assisted living facility or nursing home, the costs for care can easily exceed $250 per day with average stays of 3 years or more.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  If  I  Have  Taken  Drugs?
If you have taken drugs over 10 years ago but have never had to have treatment or have not had any infractions due to drug use, your history of drug use may only affect your premium slightly, or possibly not at all. If your last drug use was more recent, you can still get simplified issue life insurance if you have not used drugs in the past two years. And finally, there is guaranteed issue life insurance for those who are currently using drugs.

When  Do  I  Need  To  Buy  Home  Insurance?
If you are a homeowner you need homeowners insurance. If you are a first time buyer then escrow and the lender will make sure you have homeowners insurance in place at the close of the home sale. If you are already a homeowner then I recommend you maintain a homeowners policy. If your home is paid in full you do have the option of letting the policy go but I would advise against this unless you believe you can afford the replace your home in the event of a total loss.

Is  There  Life  Insurance  For  People  With  HIV?
The only type of life insurance available to people with HIV at this point in time is guaranteed issue life insurance. This type of coverage is graded, only provides small face amounts (usually under $25,000) and usually has a minimum age requirement of 45 years. Hopefully this is one of those health conditions that life insurance will look at more leniently in the future as HIV treatments continue to improve.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Animal  Damage?
If the animal in question is a domesticated animal then there may be coverage for damage by the animal. A non domesticated animal is almost certainly excluded from coverage's. Refer to your policy or contact your local agent to further discuss since each policy can differ by each individual insurance company.

Will  Medicare  Cover  A  Tens  Unit?
Medicare will cover a TENS unit, but under a specific set of circumstances. According to the Medicare guidelines,ATrans-cutaneousElectrical Nerve Stimulator (TENS) iscovered for the treatment of patients with chronic,intractable pain or acute post operative pain. Further documentation requires that medical records document the location, duration and etiology of the chronic pain. Durable medical equipment has very specific guidelines to be covered under Medicare. Make sure you check first or you could be paying a lot of money out of your own pocket. For more information on TENS please visit www.clminsure.com or call 561-320-2978

Where  Can  I  Compare  Health  Insurance  Rates?
You can compare health insurance rates at the lowest available prices through an experienced broker. Using myself as an example, with more than 32 years of experience, I am able to shop all of the major carriers in minutes, and also include any tax subsidies that you may qualify for to lower your rate. In specific areas, certain insurers may be a better "buy." An experienced broker gives you unbiased comparisons and helps you apply for a policy.

What  Types  Of  Annuities  Are  There?
Annuities are categorized in several ways. There are immediate annuities in which you pay a lump sum and the annuity starts paying out almost immediately, and there are deferred annuities where you make periodic payments and then start receiving payments years down the road. There are fixed annuities that guarantee an interest rate, and variable annuities for which the return is based on the stock market. Annuities can combine several features to produce a contract that works best for your financial goals.

What  If  A  Life  Insurance  Company  Goes  Bankrupt?
Life insurance companies nearly always merge with another company, or are bought by another company, before they get to the point of bankruptcy. State regulators are very strict with life insurance companies to help ensure that policy owners are protected. If a life insurance company would go bankrupt, states have guaranty funds that can pay the death benefit up to a limit.

What  Is  Voluntary  Term  Life  Insurance?
Voluntary Term Life Insurance is offered to employees who have some life insurance provided to them by their employers, and their employers are giving them the opportunity to purchase additional life insurance coverage at group rates. Employer provided life insurance is not taxable to $50,000 whereas voluntary life insurance purchased beyond that amount will be a taxable to the employee.

What  Is  Voluntary  AD&D  Life  Insurance?
That is a great question! AD&D, or Accidental Death & Dismemberment is a type of policy that covers a very specific type of injury and death. Many people will purchase it, thinking that it will provide adequate insurance in the event of one's death. And it will, IF the death is the result of an accident. If it has to do with a sickness, disease or health issue like a stroke or heart attack, it provides no coverage at all, in nearly every case. It is a great, low cost way to protect against disability due to an accidental injury, and to supplement life insurance coverage, but I absolutely do not recommend it as a stand alone policy for life insurance. If you would like more information, please contact me, I'd be happy to set aside some time to talk to you privately about this. Thank you for asking!

How  Can  I  Join  A  Group  Health  Insurance  Plan?
You would need to get employment with a company or organization that offers group health insurance to its employees. Group health insurance is almost always associated with a person's place of employment, hence the term "group insurance". While they are increasingly rare, there are some association groups that offer group health insurance to their members so this might be another possible access point to group coverage.

What  Does  Health  Insurance  Cost  In  California?
The prices can range anywhere from a thousand dollars a month to free. It depends on just a few factors: Your age, your zip code, the covereages you want, and your income. Here's a great video I put together on how to shop for health insurance. Copy and paste the link in to your browser. WEBSITELINK

Why  Not  To  Get  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
The biggest reason to not get long term care insurance is if you cannot afford it. If you are scraping by on Social Security income only, you probably cannot afford long term care insurance. However, if you have a lot of assets that you want to pass to your heirs, they could pay the premiums for a long term care policy for you. If you have few assets and low income, that is a good reason to not get long term care insurance.

Where  To  Buy  Cheap  Life  Insurance?
Life insurance is priced the same for everyone. You cannot get a discount on life insurance, and the discount store mentality does not work well with life insurance. You need to work with a knowledgeable agent to get your cheapest price. Getting a low quote from someone who knows little about life insurance does not mean you will get that price. I feel that the best way to buy cheap life insurance is to use an agency who can take your health information and match you up with the company that has your best rates. Some, like mine, can be found online. But wherever you go, the place to buy cheap life insurance is where the agent is valuable.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  If  I  Have  Lung  Cancer?
If you are currently receiving treatment for lung cancer, unfortunately you are unable to get a life insurance policy unless it is guaranteed issue. Guaranteed issue policies do not ask any health questions and usually have a minimum age of 40 to 55. They also will have a graded period the first years of the policy, and have a fairly low maximum face amount (under $50,000). Then when you have been cancer free for a while your options will improve.

Can  You  Use  A  PO  Box  For  Car  Insurance?
As a mailing address yes, but not as your physical address. In almost all cases your auto insurance rates are based in part on your physical address zip code. To ensure that you are receiving the proper rate for the risk that the carrier is accepting when providing you with coverage they need to know where you garage your vehicle amongst other information.

Where  Can  I  Get  Medigap  Insurance  In  Georgia?
The best place to get a Medigap plan in Georgia is through an Agent that is Independent and working for you. A great benefit of a Medigap plan is that the level of coverage is standardized by the government. Every Insurance Company is offering the same level of coverage using letters A through N. The major difference being the price of the plan as each company offer a different price for the same amount of coverage. A good Independent Agent will have many companies to look at and be able to discuss the best price offer. This best price is not always based on the current rates for your age. They need to be able to discuss the company's pricing history at ages down the road . You do not want a company that lures you in with a low initial premium and then historically raises it as you get older. You should consider the Customer Service of the Insurance Company and look for a responsive company that answers your questions and can work with your agent. Your agent should be able to help over the phone or be there in person if needed.

What  Life  Insurance  Policy  Pays  Dividends?
Paying life insurance dividends can be paid on any type of policy from any participating life insurance carrier. The most common companies that pay dividends are called mutual insurance companies. Some of the more common names of mutual insurance companies are State Farm, NY Life and Northwestern Mutual. Mutual insurance companies consider the policyholders part owners of the company and share a portion of the profits as dividends. You may or may not receive a benefit based on the year's profits. You may find mutual company premiums a bit more expensive than none mutual companies with an expectation of paying their dividends. When purchasing a life insurance policy you should find the best product at the best price to cover your unique situation, not on who pays a dividend or not.

What  Is  Physical  Damage  Coverage  In  Auto  Insurance?
Physical damage is damage to your vehicle. If the damage is sustained in a collision, the applicable portion of an auto policy would be the collision coverage which repairs your vehicle after you meet a stated deductible amount. If the car is damaged by other means, the coverage applicable is called comprehensive. It works the same way but generally has a different deductible amount stated.

What  Do  I  Need  To  Get  A  Home  Insurance  Quote?
It is pretty easy to obtain a quote. Be prepared with the proper address of the property. Pretty detailed information about the house is available in public municipal records, but be prepared tosupply your agent with details: The construction year of the house, where it is in relation to a hydrant or other year round water supply, if the house has special features. Also, tellyour agent if the house has a security alarm.With some companies,it may be beneficial to you if there have been recent upgrades made to the roof, HVAC, plumbing or electrical systems.

What  Is  Homeowners  Insurance  Based  On?
The actuary is a person in an insurance company that compiles mountains of data from previous claims. From this information they develop a standard rate. The underwriter is a person in the insurance company that reviews the application to see if it meets the requirement of the standard rate. The underwriter may adjust the rate further or decline a home based upon their review. The standard rate is based on the location of the dwelling, the construction of the dwelling, the cost to replace the dwelling, and the presence of unusual hazards (trampolines, swimming pools and derelict autos.) One factor that few consider is the presence of a pet. Some pets have a statistically significant risk of lawsuit. Another hazard is the placement of an evaporative cooler. When they are located on the roof they frequently result in water damage claims. Another consideration is the pitch of the roof. As you can see there are a number of variables that the underwriter must consider. That is why they frequently request photographs of the house.

What  Does  Medicare  Cover  For  Eyeglasses?
Medicare is not designed to cover routine eye exams or corrective lenses. You may want to consider a supplemental policy which may make payments for exams and provide discounts for glasses, contact lenses, etc. Eye exams and certain corrective intraocular lenses may be covered if needed to correct an underlying medical condition such as glaucoma, and cataracts.

What  Is  The  Yearly  Deductible  For  Medicare  Part  B?
The yearly deductible for Medicare Part B in 2013 for most people is $147 per year. For those with higher incomes, the yearly deductible is as follows for a single person. Above $85,000 to $107,000 - $146.90 per year Above $107,000 to $160,000 -$209.80 per year Above $160,000 to $214,000 - $272.70 per year Above $214,000 - $335.70 per year

How  To  Increase  Your  Auto  Insurance  Score?
Great question! The best way to increase your insurability is to have a clean driving record. Avoiding tickets, accidents and damage claims for an extended period of time demonstrates that you are a careful driver, and that your risks are low. Another thing that will help - keep paying your bills on time, and more than minimum payments if possible. Most insurance companies factor in your credit record into their scores, and a good record there over time demonstrates responsibility also. If you would like more information, please feel free to contact me, I'm happy to help. Thanks for asking!

Is  Car  Insurance  Required  In  Pennsylvania?
It is 100% Illeagel to drive an uninsured vehicle in the state of Pennsylvania. State minimums for car insurance are 15k/30k for Bodily Injury, 5k for Property Damage and 5k for Medical Payment. All other coverage and limits are optional. However I highly recommend Uninsured (UM) and Underinsured Motorist (UIM) coverage. This protects You if the person who hits you doesn't have insurance or enough insurance to cover Your damages. Go to: WEBSITELINK for more information and some free quotes!

Does  Estate  Include  Life  Insurance?
Yes, your estate does include life insurance. While you are alive, it just includes the cash value available in your policy or policies. After death, the life insurance proceeds paid out to beneficiaries are included in the value of the estate. If a spouse is alive, there will not be any estate tax consequences. It is when the surviving spouse dies that the life insurance proceeds on that spouse can a taxable event (or if the first spouse to die left insurance money to the second to die, and those proceeds had not been spent or distributed when the second spouse died).

How  Do  You  Calculate  Homeowners  Insurance?
Insurance companies use two types of calculation tools to first determine the cost to replace the home if there is a total loss. The replacement cost is one of the determining factors in rating a home. The next factors are the location of the home, information about the individuals purchasing the home and their prior homeowners insurance history. Then we discuss with the client the desired additional coverage's and deductible options beyond the basic replacement cost to help determine what best fits the clients needs and to give peace of mind on this important asset.

Who  Is  Covered  By  Life  Insurance?
The insured and any persons listed as additional insured or riders are covered under a life insurance policy. Many people have life insurance policies including adults and children. The younger the person applying, the least expensive the rate will be. And of course, there are many types of policies that can be purchased.

Is  Ice  Dam  Damage  Covered  By  Homeowners  Insurance?
It depends, which I know is an unsatisfactory answer. Assuming you have HO-3 Homeowners coverage there is protection against sudden rain/sleet/snow damage to your roof. In other words, if there is a sudden winter storm that persists for days on end, an ice dam builds up on your roof and causes damage there could be coverage. However, if you have an older roof and it has been through a few winter storms then the most likely answer you will get from an insurance company will be the damage was caused by normal wear and tear and the damage is not covered. So, depending upon the age of your roof, its pre-storm condition and the suddenness/severity of the storm you may or may not have coverage.

Can  I  Get  Medicare  If  I  Am  Unemployed?
Yes, you can get Medicare if you are unemployed, as long as you are age 65 or older and have paid in to Medicare long enough over the years to qualify for Medicare benefits (40 quarters). Medicare is based on turning age 65, so even if you retire under age 65, you must normally wait until you are age 65 to receive Medicare.

What  To  Do  When  Your  Home  Insurance  Claim  Is  Denied?
When and if your home insurance claim is denied, it is important to read the denial letter and associated explanation. Primarily, one should read the policy contract and truly understand the mechanics of the coverage and why the claim is not covered. The claims representative will be happy to help guide you through the policy and find the section(s) of the policy corresponding to the issue at hand. This is also an appropriate time to speak to a licensed representative with your insurance company and inquire as to whether there is an endorsement available to offer coverage for such a claim in the future. Licensed insurance representatives are generally not allowed to discuss an ongoing claim, this is the job of the licensed claims department. When speaking to a licensed representative of your insurance carrier, your questions must be based on coverage and not claims. Insurance agents are charged with the responsibility of explaining available coverage and endorsements; they are not permitted to interpret coverage relevant to claims adjustment. For general advice or guidance, you may contact a licensed representative toll free at: (877) 931-3368 or contact your insurance carrier directly.

Does  Progressive  Offer  Life  Insurance?
Progressive is mainly known for car insurance. All or most car insurance companies WILL sell you life insurance but it's not their main focus. And if you shop and compare it to companies that are mainly focused on life insurance, it is unlikely that you would decide to go with them or any other car insurance company for your life insurance. That would be like ordering a hamburger at Red Lobster. They could probably sell you one but it's not really what they do.

Is  Mortgage  Disability  Insurance  A  Good  Idea?
If you have regular Disability Insurance, you will receive a monthly benefit in the event that you became disabled. This can be used to pay any bills you want it to pay, including, but not restricted to, your mortgage. So Mortgage Disability Insurance is not necessary if you have regular Disability Insurance. Whether it is a good idea depends on your situation.

What  Is  Medicare  Crossover  Insurance?
Medicare crossover is not insurance. It is an electronic claim processing system used by Medicare providers to submit claims to Medicare. Once Medicare adjudicates the claim and approves it, the claim is sent to your Medigap carrier of record. This eliminates the need for your provider to file one claim with Medicare, another with your Medicare supplement provider.

Is  Health  Insurance  Mandatory  In  Florida?
Yes, health insurance is mandatory in the state of Florida or risk paying a fine. The affordable care act states that by January 1, 2014 people are required to have health insurance or pay a fine. This rule is not just for Florida but for all states. An independent insurance agent should be able to show you plans from most of the major carriers and help you pick that plan that fits your needs. Several independent agencies (like ours) have a website that people can instantly compare health insurance plans online and then ask questions to experienced licensed agents over the phone.

Can  Annuities  Be  Rolled  Over  To  An  IRA?
Non-qualified annuities can not be "rolled over" into a qualified plans. Now that's not to say that proceeds from a surrendered annuity can't be used as a contribution into your qualified plans, but taxation and penalties could present a negative economic result for using those funds for a qualified retirement plan. Check with your tax consultant first before moving forward with your annuity.

Why  Do  I  Need  Medicare  Part  C?
You may not need Medicare Part C. Medicare Part C has evolved into what is now referred to as Medicare Advantage plans. With an Advantage plan you are in a privatized Medicare system run by insurance carriers. Most Advantage plans have networks with strict penalties if you use a non-par provider and considerably more out of pocket than with original Medicare and a supplement plan.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Broken  Car  Window?
An act of vandelism that occurs to a vehicle may be covered by the auto insurance policy that is held on the vehicle that was damaged if the policy includes comprehensive coverage less the deductible on the policy. Renters insurance is very much like homeowners insurance and will normally provide coverage for the insured personal property on the premise as its main function. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that it may contain.

Where  Can  I  Find  Cheap  Car  Insurance  For  An  18  Year  Old?
There's no doubt about it. Car insurance for teenage drivers is expensive! New drivers are 5 times more likely to have an accident. The good news is there are ways to lower your cost without sacrificing coverage. The biggest mistake I see parents make is reducing coverage when they add their son or daughter. If your child has an accident the parents will be sued, not the child. If you are going buy a car for your child buy an older vehicle and stay away from sport cars. A Mustang GT is not a good option for lowering your cost. If you are not going to buy a vehicle and have more drivers than cars, then you can list your child as an "occasional driver". Most companies also offer Good Student Discounts and a discount for completing driver's education so make sure you inquire about both of these for additional savings.

How  Do  You  Verify  Health  Insurance?
Health insurance can only be verified by contacting a policy holders insurance company to confirm a policy remains active. The simple fact of someone carrying an insurance card can not be taken as verification they are covered, let alone how their benefits may work, or what portion of a bill the patient should be responsible for paying.

Does  Progressive  Insurance  Have  Life  Insurance?
Progressive Insurance company is a property and causality company and does not have a life insurance division. The independent agents that sell Progressive Insurance usually represent other life insurance companies and "bundle" life insurance with your auto insurance as an "up sell" or convenience to the client. Have your life insurance policy reviewed by an unbiased independent life insurance broker to be sure you have the right term life to accomplish your goals and not over paying. It is difficult for an agent to be an expert at every type of insurance sold.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Leak  In  Roof?
It may. It will primarily depend onwhether the leak was the result of a covered loss or not. Under normal circumstances and the leak not caused by a covered event; the leak would more than likely not be covered. Please remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and learn of any exclusions contained within or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

What  Is  The  Best  Retirement  Plan?
Selecting the best retirement plan is determined by your personal financial profile. First consideration is whether the plan should be qualified or non-qualified. If your tax bracket is high and/or your employer matches some of your contributions, a qualified plan should be considered. If your tax bracket is low and your employment doesnt offer a match then non-qualified plan should be considered. Once you establish whether the plan should be qualified or non-qualified, then funding your retirement with the proper product is next. To do this you need to establish a personal financial profile that includes a risk tolerance assessment, your financial goals and a life expectancy review.

How  To  Get  Life  Insurance  For  Someone  Else?
To get life insurance for someone else, the other person needs to know that you are getting the policy, agree to it, and sign the application. Then they must participate in the underwriting process, whether that be take an exam, do a phone interview, or provide access to medical records, if needed. Some policies do not require any exam, medical records or phone interview. You can make yourself the Owner of the policy if you have an insurable interest in the Insured person. I.e. You provide or pay for some of their care, you have loaned them money, they live with you, etc. Or they can own their own policy. Either one of you can pay for it.

What  Is  An  Open  Access  Health  Insurance  Plan?
Specific carriers can use the term "Open Access" to mean specific things on their plans. For example, Aetna has a grouping of plans called "Managed Choice Open Access". Generally, Open Access simply means that you can see a specialist without having to get a referral from a primary care doctor first.

Will  Medicare  Pay  For  Symbicort?
Symbicort is an inhaled steroid used to provide symptomatic relief for severe asthma and COPD patients. Symbicort is not a rescue inhaler. Medicare Part D will cover most outpatient medications including Symbicort. Each Part D plan is different. Check the formulary and compare total costs before assuming your have coverage for Symbicort.

Who  Has  To  Have  Health  Insurance  Under  Obamacare?
Most Americans that are under age 65 and not listed as an an insured under a parent's policy must purchase coverage. There are, of course, exceptions, including persons that are covered under Medicaid or Medicare and visitors to the country that are not US citizens. Since there is a tax imposed for persons that don't carry coverage (that are legally required), it is best to utilize an experienced broker to help shop for the best prices. You'll save time and money! And you'll avoid that pesky tax!

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Earthquakes?
It can provided that you have talked to your Insurance Professional and have had the coverage endorsed onto your policy. In most standard policies, damage caused by earth movement, earthquake in your example or sink holes as another, is excluded. However, in many if not most cases this coverage can be included by endorsement.

Can  My  Auto  Insurance  Deny  A  Claim?
In a heart beat. Just give them the opportunity. Actually, your auto policy is a extremely broad insurance policy and there truly are very few claims denied due to most claims are covered risk of loses. But if you are one of the weak bad boy characters and cause the loss directly or running form the in and out with a gun and wade of gum with a cartoon of cigs then you, my friend, are up the proverbial creek and NO ONE IS GOING TO GIVE YOU A HAND.Any vehicle used in a felony is just flat out of luck (that includes running moonshine irregardless of what the tv show implies).

How  To  Get  Health  Insurance  Quickly?
The quickest way to get health insurance is to find an independent agent that can show you quotes from the major insurance carriers and match a plan to your needs. Many people prefer to start by running a health insurance quote online and then ask questions after they have reviewed the information. You can go to our website to run a quote and in the "other" section you will be able to run a quote for the under age 65 market. If you are turning 65 or older you can run a medicare supplement quote from our home page. Either way, it will give you an instant snap shot of what plans are available to you. The key is to follow up with an agent to save you time trying to figure out which plan might work better for your specific family situation.

How  Do  You  Purchase  Renters  Insurance?
I would suggest start by calling local agents in your area. When you find one that you are comfortable with, provide them with the information necessary to get you coverage details and pricing. Some of the information that the agent will need are: the year the building was built, the distance of the nearest responding fire department, the distance of the nearest fire hydrant, the total number of units in the building, whether or not the building is sprinklered or security protected, and amount of coverage you are seeking just to name some of the main items.

Who  Insures  Annuities?
Annuities are backed by the full faith and credit of the issuing life insurance company. These companies are subject to state regulations. The commissioner in your state works to make sure that every annuitant receives every penny that was guaranteed by the annuity. Annuities can have different types of investment portfolios until the time that they start paying a lifetime income. At that point it is the full faith and credit of the company and they will direct the investments subject to law.

Who  Pays  First  Medicare  Or  Medigap?
Medicare will pay your claim first and will pay only the Medicare approved amount. Your Medigap Plan will pay second. Depending on which Medigap Plan you have will determine if you are responsible for paying any deductibles, co-insurance or co-payments not covered by Original Medicare. If you have any questions regarding your specific situation, please feel free to contact me.

What  Is  The  Cheapest  Non  Owner  Car  Insurance?
Insurance providers are not cookie cutter. In other words there are many variables that determine rates. What may be lower in premium for me may not be the case for your. Therefore it's impossible to say who has the lowest rates. I recommend you contact an independent agent who can shop various insurance providers for you to find the right coverage's at the right premium.

What  Is  Accident  And  Critical  Illness  Insurance?
In the United States, Accident and Critical Illness Insurance generally refers to two different types of policies. The first, Accidental Death Insurance, pays a lump sum benefit to the beneficiaries of those who suffer accidental death. Critical Illness Insurance pays a lump sum benefit to the insured person who is diagnosed with a serious health condition.

Does  Medigap  Cover  Dental?
Unfortunately, Medigap does not cover routine dental examinations. Although Medigap Plans are designed to fill the gaps in Original Medicare, they will only pay for Medicare-covered services. Routine dental care is not covered under Original Medicare; therefore, it is also not covered by Medigap (Medicare Supplement insurance). Medicare will only pay for dental services that are an integral part of a Medicare covered procedure. Some exceptions include, reconstruction of the jaw following accidental injury, or extractions done in preparation for radiation treatment involving the jaw. Medicare Beneficiaries often purchase a separate dental plan to meet their individual needs. If I can help you with your specific situation, please feel free to contact me.

When  To  Do  A  Roth  IRA?
A Roth IRA can be started at almost any age. My nephew is in his mid-20s and he has a Roth IRA. The point of this type of planning is to save money now. Retirement will come soon enough. A Roth IRA will provide you with a tax free stream of income. Even the gain earned by the Roth comes to you at retirement free of income tax.

What  Is  Health  Insurance  And  How  Does  It  Work?
Health insurance is a type of insurance coverage that pays for medical and surgical expenses caused by illness or bodily injury of the insured person. It can be purchased privately, provided by an employer, or, as in the case of Medicaid or Medicare, be provided by the government. Payments for medical services can either be paid by the health insurance company directly to the health care provider, or it can be paid to the insured person to reimburse them for payments made, or a combination of both. There generally is a deductible, which is the amount the insured person must pay for health care received until the insurance plan then starts to pay. And there is usually a co-pay, which is a % of the health care expenses incurred above the deductible, or else is paid for predefined services for which the deductible does not enter in.

What  Do  You  Pay  For  Renters  Insurance?
The premium for a renters policy is based on its two essential elements, the amount of personal property that is at risk and the limit the company will be asked to defend you in the event of a lawsuit. The location, age and construction of the unit being rented will be considered in rating the policy and there might be underwriting considerations that would disqualify you for coverage.

Can  You  Get  Dental  Insurance  Without  Health  Insurance?
Yes dental insurance is not "health" insurance in the colloquial sense of the word health insurance (i.e. major medical insurance). There is no requirement to have health insurance before having dental insurance. One can have health insurance and no dental insurance, just as they can have dental insurance and no health insurance. And, of course, one can also have both health insurance and dental insurance.

What  Is  Humana  Gold  Medicare?
This is a good question. Humana Gold is a Medicare advantage plan. If you have Medicare parts A and B, you may qualify to apply. It is a very popular plan. Medicare advantage (Medicare part C) plans typically will give you more benefits than having Medicare alone.

Can  Creditors  Take  Life  Insurance  Money?
If the person who passed is the one with the debt, and if that person was the Insured person on the policy, then creditors can only take life insurance money left if the beneficiary was the Insured's estate. If the Insured chose a person as the beneficiary, creditors cannot take life insurance money from the beneficiary, unless perhaps the beneficiary was a co-signers on the insured person's debt.

Is  New  York  Life  A  Good  Life  Insurance?
New York Life is an excellent life insurance company with strong ratings and a blue chip balance sheet. New York Life has huge retention for large cases. However, their product line is not competitive in the brokerage community and generally sold by their proprietary agent field force.

Is  It  Illegal  To  Not  Have  Health  Insurance  In  New  Jersey?
No it is not illegal to not have health insurance in New Jersey. Under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (PPACA, aka Obamacare) there will be a federal mandate to acquire health insurance that will result in penalty taxes imposed on income for individuals who do not acquire health insurance. The extent of this penalty tax will decrease over the course of the next several years.

When  Am  I  Medicare  Eligible?
You're eligible for Medicare when you're turning 65 years old. You can apply for Medicare benefits up to 3 months before, the month of, and up to 3 months after your birth month. I recommend applying during the 3 months before the month you turn 65 so your coverage starts on time (the first day of your birth month) - you can be subject to a delayed effective date if you apply during the 3 months after your birth month. People are eligible for premium-free Medicare Part A when they turn 65 and have met the 40 quarters (10 years) of working life/paying FICA taxes. Anyone who is eligible for premium-free Part A, can qualify for Part B - Part B requires premiums. Younger individuals with certain disabilities who have been receiving social security disability benefits for 24 continuous months and those with end-stage renal disease, may also be eligible to receive Medicare benefits. Original Medicare (Parts A & B) only 80% of covered healthcare expenses. Medigap plans (also known as Medicare supplement plans) can help cover all or a portion of the other 20%. When you first enroll in Part B, you have a 6-month initial open enrollment period to buy a Medigap plan with NO medical underwriting. The advantage of having a Medigap plan to go with your Original Medicare coverage is that it creates a very predictable expense structure (a major advantage for seniors living on a fixed income). I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

When  Do  Medicare  Advantage  Cuts  Begin?
Unless Congress changes their mind . . . again . . . Obamacare cuts to Medicare Advantage will continue in 2014 and later. Every year for the last few years Congress has cut funding in one way or another for Advantage plans. Future cuts will mean fewer Advantage plan choices, higher premiums, higher deductibles, higher copay's and higher out of pocket.

When  Do  Life  Insurance  Policies  Not  Pay?
If a life insurance policy is put in force correctly, and if the insured person does not commit suicide in the first two years after the policy goes into effect, the policy will pay. Policies in which the client honestly answers the questions on the application with a good agent, will pay. If the insured person omits or lies about a significant health detail that was asked about on the application or during underwriting, the policy could be contested if death of the insured person occurred within two years after purchasing the policy. If a policy is contested, there is still a chance it might pay. Suicide during the first two years that the policy is in effect is an exclusion for which the policy will not pay.

How  To  Get  A  Medigap  Policy?
You can buy a Medigap policy through a Medigap insurance agent - I highly recommend doing it through an independent agent who can shop your case among many carriers instead of just 1 or 2 through a captive agent (agents who are basically employees of a specific company). You can apply for a Medigap plan up to 3 months before your Medicare Part B effective date - you must have both Medicare Part A & Medicare Part B to buy a Medigap plan. Once you have an established Medicare Part B effective date, you will have a 6-month open enrollment period to buy any Medigap plan from any carrier with NO medical underwriting - this is THE BEST time to buy a Medigap plan. After this point, you can buy a new Medigap plan whenever you would like (there are no annual enrollment periods for Medigap plans), however, you would have to go through medical underwriting if you don't qualify for a special enrollment period or a guaranteed-issue right. Determining which Medigap plan is right from you and which carrier to apply for the plan through can be a bit more involved than some may realize. It's not all about price as some may believe. You need to look at the carriers' premium rating methods (community, attained, or issue age rated), their rates, their rate increase history, their service history, and other factors. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your Medigap coverage needs, including providing quotes and plan comparisons, and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

How  Much  Life  Insurance  Does  A  Stay  At  Home  Mom  Need?
Do you have children? Do you have a mortgage? Do you have any income? Are you planning on insuring yourself, while a spouse works and insures himself? Do the kids need to pay for college? These are all factors. If you are married, then what would it take to replace your services to your husband and kids, meaning for child care, cleaning, food preparation, and the things a spouse might have to otherwise pay for? Typically the amount for such a situation is in the area of $300K. Thank you. GARY LANE.

Is  Jewelry  Covered  Under  Renters  Insurance?
Most renters insurance policies provide some limited coverage for jewelry less your deductible. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Can  You  Get  Life  Insurance  With  Lupus?
Yes, you can almost always get life insurance while having lupus. If your lupus is severe enough to cause kidney damage, anemia, pleurisy, pericarditis, or brain dysfunction, you will most likely need to take a simplified or guaranteed issue policy. If it is mild, you can get medically underwritten life insurance at reasonable rates.

Which  Is  True  Regarding  Variable  Annuities?
A variable annuity is a contract issued by a life insurance company. It has the standard features of other annuities but the cash value is directed by you the policy owner. You select which funds will accumulate money. Depending upon the variable annuity and the options included you might be able to continue to direct the investments through the phase where the company is paying you a lifetime income. In that case your income during annuitization can rise and fall with the underlying values of the securities you selected.

What  Does  An  Insurance  Deductible  Mean  In  Health  Insurance?
It is the out of pocket medical expenses that a individual must pay before their insurance "kicks in" with your policies definition of full coverage. Generally medical expenses relating to preventive and early detection will be covered before meeting the deductible. The co-pays and co-insurance would be credited toward your deductible. It is the same basic principle as a deductible with car insurance.

What  Was  The  First  State  To  Provide  Disability  Insurance?
Rhode Island was first, followed by California, then New Jersey, and then New York. Years later, Puerto Rico joined the ranks, and Hawaii was the last state to provide Disability Insurance. They all use slightly different methods, but all provide temporary disability benefits through the use of tax dollars.

How  Does  Disability  Insurance  Protect  You?
How does Disability Insurance protect you? By protecting your INCOME. Unless we are fortunate enough to have a partner who makes enough to support our lifestyles, most of us would undergo substantial hardship by losing our source of income due to a disability. Even short term disabilities can quickly deplete the reserves some of us have stashed away for emergencies. Long Term or permanent disabilities can be devastating to even high income earners. Having Disability Insurance does not provide you with 100% of your original salary, but can replace approx 70% of it so that you at least have some time to regroup and evaluate your employment and lifestyle situation. It may be possible to live on 70% of your income, even indefinitely. It is not possible to live with no income at all. That is the protection Disability Insurance provides.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  TV  Damage?
It may if the damage was caused by a covered peril within your policy. Some of the perils typically covered under a homeowners policy are fire, smoke, explosion, wind. If you want to know what is covered, I would recommend that you read your policy completely for coverage and exclusion information or call your local agent and them tell you what is covered or excluded.

Why  Should  You  Plan  For  Retirement?
Actually there arent a lot of people who do plan for retirement. Retirement is coming whether you plan for it or not. Many people, through lack of planning, cannot afford to retire so they work until they cannot work any longer. Rather than enjoying their golden years, they struggle to stay gainfully employed when the market place doesnt value them very much. Finally, they become dependent. They must depend on relatives or the state. No, you dont need to plan; you can be overwhelmed by it later.

How  Old  Do  You  Have  To  Be  To  Receive  Medicare?
You're eligible for Medicare when you're turning 65 years old. You can apply for Medicare benefits up to 3 months before, the month of, and up to 3 months after your birth month. I recommend applying during the 3 months before the month you turn 65 so your coverage starts on time (the first day of your birth month) - you can be subject to a delayed effective date if you apply during the 3 months after your birth month. People are eligible for premium-free Medicare Part A when they turn 65 and have met the 40 quarters (10 years) of working life/paying FICA taxes. Anyone who is eligible for premium-free Part A, can qualify for Part B - Part B requires premiums. Younger individuals with certain disabilities who have been receiving social security disability benefits for 24 continuous months and those with end-stage renal disease, may also be eligible to receive Medicare benefits. Original Medicare (Parts A & B) only 80% of covered healthcare expenses. Medigap plans (also known as Medicare supplement plans) can help cover all or a portion of the other 20%. When you first enroll in Part B, you have a 6-month initial open enrollment period to buy a Medigap plan with NO medical underwriting. The advantage of having a Medigap plan to go with your Original Medicare coverage is that it creates a very predictable expense structure (a major advantage for seniors living on a fixed income). I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

How  Does  ROP  Life  Insurance  Work?
ROP life insurance works by providing life coverage for a certain number of years, then returning the premiums paid in if death has not occurred by the time the term ends. The ROP stands for "Return of Premium". These policies start out at a higher price than regular Term, and unlike regular Term, the longer terms usually have lower premiums than those policies with shorter terms. Most will return part of the premiums if the policy is kept at least half of the term, then the amount you would receive increases each year. If you keep the policy for the full term, 100% of the premium is usually refunded (usually, minus the cost of table ratings, flat extras, and riders).

How  Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  Online  In  Texas?
To get life insurance online in Texas, go to a website offering free, instant quotes, and enter your information. If a quote comes up for you, then that policy is probably offered in Texas. From there you can contact the agency, or they will most likely contact you, to confirm that you are qualified for that rate. You will be able to apply for the policy via mailed, emailed, faxed or digitally signed application. Once approved, you will receive the policy by mail.

Does  Car  Insurance  Have  To  Be  In  Owners  Name?
When you lease a car you do not hold the title so you are not the 'owner' of the vehicle. Your lease may require you to provide insurance on the vehicle. Your policy (in your name)names the lessor as additional insured for liability coverages and loss payee for physical damasge coverages. If an individual holds title to the vehicle and you want to insure it, you will most likely have to register the vehicle in your name (a form from the state's DMV authorizes this) and obtain insurance to cover your registration and plates. In this instance you would also name the individual title holder as additional insured for liability and loss payee for physical damage. If they have a lienholder on the vehicle you will have to include the lienholder as first loss payee and the individual as second loss payee. Chec k with a knowledgeable agent or broker who writes auto insurance for specific details. Your state's DMV can also provide information. Maske sure an insurance carrier will underwrite the policy should you want to insure a vehicle you do not hold the title to.

Where  Should  I  Keep  My  Car  Insurance  Card?
If you are in a mandatory insurance state,a currently datedinsurance ID should be kept in the car. If a driver of the car is stopped by law enforcement and cannot provide proof the vehicle is insured, there will likely be a fine assessed the driver. If you don't have current ID, most insurance companies provide internet access to obtain one or your insurance professional can send you one.

How  Long  Does  It  Take  To  Get  Money  From  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Normally, it can take as little as a week or two to receive death proceeds of a life insurance policy from the time the insurer receives a claim form and the death certificate. In the event of death in the first two policy years, the insurer will need more time to investigate the claim as death occurred within the two year contestability period of the policy.

Which  Life  Insurance  Premiums  Are  Tax  Deductible?
Many premiums of insurance policies are tax deductible as a business expense. Life Insurance, disability insurance but deductions will have to be repaid, health. insurance only if used for medical expenses, and more pertaining to business expense only. Employers who take out insurance on the employees or as a group will receive the tax break but the beneficiaries will receive the benefits tax free.

Why  Do  They  Take  Blood  And  Urine  For  Life  Insurance?
Why do they take blood and urine for life insurance? Because tests on both blood and urine provide a wealth of information about a person's current health. Just as your regular doctor would do, the labs produced from these two draws provide information on organ function levels, blood sugars, cholesterol and other body chemistries. Sort ofa snapshot of your health on a given day.

Which  Home  Insurance  Is  Best  In  California?
When this question is asked I am not sure if you mean the best insurance company with coverage's and claims or the who has the best rates. Let's address rates first: There is no company who has the best rates as there are many varying factors that can make one insurance company rise to the top over another as it pertains to premium. In other words who has the best rate for me may not be the best for you, and we could live right next door to each other. Now lets move on to the more important issue and that is coverage's: What you have to understand is most insurance companies have varying options/packages of coverage's available to purchase. In most cases agents tend to offer the cheapest package which does not maximize coverage's that are potentially available to the client. I suggest when shopping for insurance that you truly consult with your agent about the different options available by an insurance company so you can make an educated decision on the coverage you wish to purchase and how much of the risk you yourself wish to assume. As an independent agent I am able to offer quotes and coverage's from multiple companies to help my clients make the most informed decision about their most important asset, and that is their home. Now the next subject would be claims: Which insurance company continues to rise to the top in claims handling. There are many independent websites which you do a quick search on and find ratings on how well claims are handled and their overall customer satisfaction and loyalty. There are many companies that are great in the claims area that I bet you have never even heard of. You will also find negatives on every insurance company out there without exception. Most of the negatives are due to coverage's not being in place that the client thought they had. Or in other words. A lack of understanding their policy. This goes back to my suggestion on being educated on the coverage's available to you. There are many independent online reviews available to you (some good, some not so good) that will give you ratings on how well the claims experience is for clients and how insurance companies rank in the claims department. But there is one thing that I believe is very critical to the claims process and that is your agent. An absentee agent can make the process very frustrating if you are having some communication difficulty with the insurance company. An agent that is actually working for you can help make any unfortunate claims experience must less painful then it needs to be. So never take the agent out of the equation when shopping for homeowners insurance. So with all that being said, my parting advice is do your research, consult and ask lots of questions from your agent. Don't be shy are think it's a dumb question because it's not. After all, were talking about your home.

Is  VGLI  Term  Life  Insurance?
Yes, VGLI is Term Life Insurance. Veterans Group Life Insurance is renewable for life, with rates going up in five year bands. E.g. At age 29, $100,000 of coverage costs $8/mo. At age 75, $100,000 costs $450/mo, at rates set in 2008. It is able to be converted to a commercial permanent policy, if desired.

Does  Life  Insurance  Count  Net  Worth?
If your question is about applying for life insurance, the answer is yes. An underwriter will want to know your net worth along with your annual income and time in your current occupation. This information is needed in addition to height, weight, age, place of residence, health, medical history and lifestyle. All of these factors are used to calculate your mortality. If your question is about counting life insurance as an asset in your net worth, the answer is maybe. If you have term life insurance, then no, the face amount is not counted as an asset. However if you have a cash value plan, yes the current cash value of your whole life or universal life insurance is part of a person's net worth..

Is  Annuity  A  Security?
Tax deferred annuities have three basic crediting methods: interest rate crediting, indice crediting and separate sub accounts crediting with equity and bond instruments. Separate sub accounts are used in variable annuities and are classified as a security product (FINRA) as well as an insurance product (Department of Insurance.)

Is  Plastic  Surgery  Covered  By  Health  Insurance?
The new ACA (Affordable Care Act) covers many additional expenses that were not previously covered. Plastic surgery is typically covered on most 2014 plans if it is a result of an illness or injury. Cosmetic surgery can be covered in many ways, depending on the company and plan you choose. As experienced brokers, we shop the top-rated companies and find the policies that provide the coverage you need. Under new legislation, there are no medical questions or physicals, and your acceptance is virtually guaranteed.

What  Should  I  Know  About  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
You should know that Long Term Care Insurance can cover all levels of care: home health, assisted living, nursing home, and others. The main thing is that the triggers are met, then it will pay the benefit. The triggers include being unable to take care of one's self in 2 or more of 6 ways, and/or mental impairment. Long Term Care Insurance offers many features that can be adjusted to get it to fit your budget. It is not taxed when collected. It allows more freedom to choose the care you want when you need it.

Where  Should  I  Buy  Critical  Illness  Insurance  In  New  Jersey?
I can sell policies in New Jersey and in New York. There are many companies that offer this coverage. Some plans may be different than others however they do serve their purpose. I work with all major carriers which is best to give you the best coverages at the best rates. It is best to speak with a licensed agent to obtain a specific coverage option. I am licensed and I have many plans from the top carrier for this coverage.

What  Is  Needed  For  Renters  Insurance?
Renters insurance is a way to protect the value of your belongings in the event that they are stolen or destroyed. Let's say there is a fire in your complex, and the apartment you live in is damaged by smoke and water from the firemen. Your cost to replace the things you own that are damaged by smoke or water is probably much greater than what you have in the bank. This is what your policy is designed to do - provide that money to replace them. If you would like more information, please click the 'contact me' button, I'd be glad to help!

How  Much  Would  Insurance  For  A  Motorcycle  Cost?
That really depends upon many things including your age, where you live, and what your driving record and credit history happens to be. Certainly another factor is the year make and size of your ride. If you have your home and car insured with the same company, deeper multi policy discounts may be available that can affect your bike insurance. I am 58, live in CT and have my home, cars, life insurance and bike insurance with the same company. I ride a 2008 Suzuki Boulevard C50, have full coverage and high liability limits and pay $220 for the year for my insurance.

Is  Transcranial  Magnetic  Stimulation  Covered  By  Medicare?
Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) initial consultation should be covered by Medicare. TMS is typically used to treat some forms of depression. TMS treatment may be covered by Medicare in some situations. Check with your medical provider for details. In some cases your provider will agree to file your claim with Medicare with the understanding the claim may be denied.

How  Much  Will  Medicare  Pay  For  A  Hospital  Bed?
Medicare has specific fees for DME (durable medical equipment) including wheel chairs, walkers and hospital beds. DME supplies are covered under Medicare Part B. You should always use a Medicare approved DME supplier and make sure they accept assignment. The hospital bed requires a doctors prescription. Your DME supplier can give you an idea of how much Medicare will pay toward the cost of renting a bed.

Is  Disability  Insurance  A  Good  Deal?
Disability insurance is a major part of defensive planning. Without income protection, most will have great difficulty making ends meet. The number one asset you have is the ability to produce income. Disability insurance is paycheck insurance if you cant work. Most American workers have 90 days in cash reserves. The average disability is 31 months. The odds are much greater that youll experience a disability event than dying.

What  If  I  Start  Smoking  After  Life  Insurance?
Nothing will happen if you start smoking after getting a life insurance policy. As long as you were forthcoming about smoking on your life insurance application, your policy will stay intact. If you ever allow the policy to lapse, you will need to get a new policy at smoker rates; it would not be reinstated at nonsmoker rates. But if you convert it to permanent someday, that will also be at nonsmoker rates.

Is  Disability  Insurance  A  Medical  Expense?
No, Disability Insurance is not a medical expense, and is not deductible as such on income tax forms. While an agent must have a license in health insurance to sell disability insurance, the insurance is not considered a medical expense such as health insurance and long term care insurance.

How  To  Get  Cheap  Health  Insurance?
If you want the least exposure at the lowest premium then I recommend looking at an HSA qualified plan. The deductible is higher but if you are healthy you will save more on premium than the one or two doctor visits per year. An HSA qualified health plan will provide the most protection if you do have to go to the hospital or your health turns bad, at the lowest premium. A good independent agent dealing with health insurance can help you find a plan that fits your budget.

Does  A  Single  Man  Need  Life  Insurance?
It depends on several factors such as your age, goals and objectives. Many people who are single now expect to have a family sometime in the future. Or, they have extended family members in their care. One's insurability can change in the future so starting now while younger and insurable is sensible.

Does  Medicare  Pay  For  A  Breast  Reduction?
If you look on page 56 of your Medicare and You book there is a list of things that Medicare will not cover like Long-term care or custodial care, routine dental or eye care, dentures, acupuncture, hearing aids and exams for fitting them and yes cosmetic surgery is also not covered. With that being said if your doctor find thats it is medically necessary to perform the reduction to elevate pressure from the spinal column that is causing you sever back pain, then it may be covered but you need to check with your doctor and get his professional opinion.

Can  Minor  Be  Beneficiary  Of  Life  Insurance?
Yes, as Peggy mentioned you can name a minor as a beneficiary, however, you would be better served by at the very least leaving it in trust for a minor. Setting up a formal trust expressing your wishes would be preferred. In Canada, since you can direct that the proceeds be paid in the form of an annuity this should be explored. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me. If you would like to work with a local life insurance broker, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: life insurance broker Halifax or life insurance agent Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find a life insurance broker in your community.

How  To  Get  Life  Insurance  After  Being  Denied?
You can still get life insurance. Which plan will depend on the reason for denial. There are some plans that do not ask if you have ever been denied insurance. If you can answer the rest of the health questions with a no answer you can get the insurance. I have a couple plans that ask no health questions at all. Just because you are denied insurance by one company does not mean you cannot get insurance through another.

How  To  Use  PPO  Health  Insurance?
PPO stands for Preferred Provider Organization and is today the most common provider network arrangement associated with most health insurance plans and is the least restrictive on the actions of its subscribers/members. In simplest terms the health insurance carrier negotiates a payment contract with a medical system that makes it's affiliated physicians, facilities and other providers the "in-network" providers where people who enroll in that insurance company's products will receive the highest level of benefits/coverage. Generally PPO's allow their members to directly access the health care system at any level and as long as you are using a provider who is in the PPO network the member receives the higher in-network level of benefits. This means that there is little or no gatekeeper mechanism in place that requires the member to receive a referral from their primary care physician in order to see a specialist or obtain other more complex medical services. For the consumer to effectively use PPO health insurance they should learn how to determine whothe in-network providers are for their health plan (most easily done by going online to the insurance company's web site) and to use those providers for their health care needs. A word of caution, this is a time of rapid change and, in many cases, consolidation of physician's practices in the world of health care. As such, physicians and other health care service providers are shifting around at an unprecedented level. So, just because you remember Doctor X as being in a certain provider network from 2 or 3 years ago is no guarantee that they are in the same relationship today. It is up to the consumer in the PPO environment to make sure they are using an in-network provider and they should verify this before receiving services from a health care provider.

When  Can  You  Switch  Homeowners  Insurance?
Most insurers will allow you to cancel coverage and replace coverage at any time. The company whose policy is being cancelled may charge either a minimum earned premium or a "short rate" cancellation but they will refund the balance of the paid premium. Mortgage companies work with this routinely. In summary you should determine the price on the new policy and then determine the cost, if any, of canceling the existing policy before making a decision.

Which  Auto  Insurance  Company  Is  The  Best?
If you are looking for the best insurance company for you, I would suggest speaking with friends and family about their experiences with various companies and agents. Remember the insurance company is only one part of the equation, the agent is the other part. It is important that you have an agent that you trust and that you feel has your best interest in mind when it comes to your insurance coverage.

How  Can  I  Get  Health  Insurance?
Since the open enrollment period has passed, I believe your only option would be short term health insurance, just to get you buy until the end of this year. The availability of short term health insurance will vary depending on what state you live in. Feel free to email me with your city, state, and zip code and I may be able to point you in the right direction. My email is WEBSITELINK

When  Is  Best  Time  To  Buy  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Long term care is generally addressed by advisers around age 50. But most Americans purchase long term care insurance around age 60. You could consider purchasing long term care insurance when you're young and healthy, if your family health history shows a predisposition to chronic health or nursing home confinement in their early senior years.

Is  my  LTD  effected  by  husband  receiving  social  security?
I am not aware of any long term disability with Hartford or any other carrier that looks at household income. Your long term disability was underwritten on your income and when you met the criteria to draw benefits until you earn income, you should stay on benefit until your policy is complete.

What  Life  Insurance  Builds  Cash  Value?
The actual cost for providing insurance for one year increases as an individual ages. In order to provide a level death benefit in exchange for a level premium, insurance companies must charge more at the younger ages to offset the cost at the older ages. This extra money becomes the cash value of a permanent life insurance policy. Permanent life insurance policies come in several stripes depending on guarantees included in the policy. The company will surrender the cash value at any time in exchange for a release from the companys promise to pay the death benefit. They will also allow the owner to borrow against the cash value of the policy.

Who  Uses  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
People who use long term insurance as a benefit (current policyholders) are those who satisfy the triggers that enable them to collect on it. These include being unable to do two or three ADL's (bathing, dressing, etc independently) and/or cognitive impairment. Most policies now require that the expectation of need for that care will last at least 90 days.

What  Is  Palmetto  Gba  Medicare?
Palmetto GBA (Government Benefits Administrators) is a wholly owned subsidiary of BlueCrossBlueShield of South Carolina. The company is headquartered in Columbia, SC. Palmetto GBA has administered complex transaction processing for the Centers of Medicare and Medicaid (CMS) since the inception of Medicare in 1965. They have employees in 14 states.

Can  You  Pay  Health  Insurance  Premiums  With  An  HSA?
To simplify the answer yes. A Health Savings Account is used to pay health insurance premiums, medical expenses, and any other expense incurred medically. dont confuse with Flexible Spending Account where if you dont use the money you lose the money in the account.

How  Much  Is  Life  Insurance  For  A  40  Year  Old?
The price of life insurance for a 40 year old depends on the health, tobacco use, weight, and gender of the applicant, in addition to how much life insurance is purchased and what type of policy is bought. Short term policies cost much less than permanent policies. Policies for smokers usually cost at least double the rate of policies for nonsmokers. Coverage for those with serious health conditions can cost 10 times or more of the premium for a 40 year old with perfect health. To get an estimate of a life insurance quote for a 40 year old with your characteristics, you can run a quote on an website advertising "instant life insurance quotes". You can input different amounts and different types of policies to see how rates differ for different scenarios.

Can  Medicaid  Take  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Medicaid allows persons going through a Medicaid spend down to hold onto a certain number of assets ($2,000 for an individual, much higher for a couple.) $1,500 of life insurance cash value in one policy is allowed in addition to that $2,000 limit. Let's assume you are a widowed female in a nursing facility and your private funds are dwindling, so you are getting ready to go on Medicaid to pay your living and health care expenses. You have a life insurance policy with $10,000 cash value. What will happen to it? 1) You are allowed a final expense policy, so you could possibly assign that over to a funeral home or put it in a irrevocable trust to be used for funeral expenses. This would most likely be a feasible choice if the face amount of the policy is $15,000 or under. 2) If the face amount is much larger than the cash value, you might be allowed to take a loan against your policy to get the cash value under the allowed amount, then use the loan to pay for your nursing home costs. That way you can still preserve your policy, even though you will be paying interest on the loan. 3) In this example, there is no spouse, but if there was, you could transfer the ownership of the policy to your spouse, as long as it was compliant with Medicaid rules. If you have a disabled child, the policy could be transferred to a trust for them. 4) You could convert your life insurance policy to a Long Term Care Benefit Plan that will enable you to keep a portion of the death benefit while legally using the policy to pay for your long term care costs. 5) You could liquidate the policy and spend the cash on purchasing an allowable funeral policy or on your medical care.

Is  High  Cholesterol  Considered  Heart  Trouble  When  Completing  A  Life  Insurance  Application?
On that family history question, when they ask if there was heart trouble prior to age 60, they are asking about more serious issues such as coronary bypass, stent(s), defibrillator, pacemaker, etc. Having a parent or close relative who is taking blood pressure medication or cholesterol medication prior to age 60 should not affect you preferred eligibility.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Mobile  Phones?
Mobile phones are covered under your personal property coverage under your homeowners policies. However they are only insured against the covered perils listed in the policy, and are still subject to your policy deductible (typically $500 or $1000 minimum), so a claim for just your cell phone is usually not feasible. Furthermore, accidental damage & handling isn't a covered peril under your homeowners policy, along with simply misplacing the item and not knowing what happened to it.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Laptops?
Renter's insurance can cover laptops, depending on your specific benefits and what riders (if needed) that you have. Wear and tear will not be covered. Also mechanical failure will not be covered either. Each carrier will have different rates and coverage so consult with an experienced full-time broker for the best rates.

Will  I  Have  To  Pay  Taxes  On  Life  Insurance?
There are no taxes for owning a life insurance policy. If it increases in value, there are no reporting requirements. However, if you surrender the policy and the amount you receive exceeds the total of premiums paid, then you have taxable income. If you die, your beneficiaries will not have to pay income tax on the proceeds, however, the proceeds are includable in the estate/inheritance calculations which could generate a tax liability. There are other conditions where tax could be imposed but generally speaking life insurance proceeds escape taxation.

How  Do  You  Get  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Basically there are three distribution channels that sell long term care insurance: company direct, career agencies and brokerage firms. Buying direct from the insurance company or a career agency limits the comparison between polices that a consumer needs to have to make an informed decision. Brokerage firms have multiple companies and are generally more neutral in their selection process. Many brokerage firms have online portals that display comparison spreadsheets between insurance companies.

How  Much  Does  A  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Policy  Cost?
We've entered into a new phase of the development for covering the risk of having to pay for long-term care costs and therefore, a new phase of designing coverage. The consumer doesn't have to pay a fortune for at least some coverage, but expectations over how much risk one can afford to transfer to an insurance company may require some reality therapy.A base plan for a couple can cost around $3,000 - $5,000 per year depending on age. The design is simple: a fixed pool of money with as much access to it (maximum daily or monthly benefit) that one can afford. There is no accommodation for inflation and no riders, except perhaps the "monthly home care" rider which if not part of the contract should be added. It doesn't cost much as a rider. The pool should be around $300,000, if possible.A value plan for a couple can cost between $5,000 and $7,000 per year. The design includes the lowest cost inflation rider, monthly home care rider (if not included in the base plan) and maybe survivor waiver of premium. The pool of money to pay care costs and daily/monthly access to it should be as much as can reasonably afforded.A premium plan (which we used to illustrate routinely five years ago) for a couple can run from $9,000 - $14,000/yr. depending on which combination of bells and whistles you want and can afford. This design would include one of the automatic annual 5% compounded or simple benefit increase riders. Available riders could include shared-care, spousal waiver of premium, 0-day elimination for home care, non-forfeiture rider, and/or return of premium. Other riders, depending on the carrier, may be available. NOTE: This design is most likely to experience in force premium increases over time due to the uncapped benefit increase rider.For a single person, drop the above range of numbers down $1,000 for the base plan, $2,000 for the value plan, and $3,000-$4,000 for the premium plan.These are all VERY ROUND numbers. The point is that columns and articles in the press recently have only looked at the old way of thinking about long-term care. It's pointless to dredge up old statements by insurance companies which at the time reflected their ignorance of a) how many people would actually use their policies, b) how many would keep them in force if premiums rose - the lapse ratio is 1-2%, about the lowest in the insurance industry - adjusting their benefits to stay in the game, and c) how few people would buy long-term care insurance - the percentage of Americans owning their own coverage is about 7-8% and holding.The probability of needing to pay for some or all of the costs of extended professional care at home or in a facility is still relatively high as we live longer, but not necessarily better. No LTC insurance policy can promise to pay all care costs, but is anyone going to be turn away a payment from an insurance company that covers half of those costs?Some coverage is better than none.

Does  USAA  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Jewelry?
USAA renters insurance policies cover jewelry. However, like most renters coverage, there will be specific limits and exclusions regarding how much would be paid on a claim. With many policies, you can add riders to broaden your coverage or specifically schedule items of jewelry. Yourpersonalbroker or an experienced broker can review with you how to best cover any jewelry you have.

What  To  Know  When  Filing  A  Homeowners  Insurance  Claim?
When filing a homeowner's insurance claim, you should have good documentation and records of how the claim originated, what damage has resulted and what future damage is at risk. An adjuster is likely to meet you at your home to view and discuss the damage and often, issue a check at that time.

What  Is  Best  Retirement  Plan  For  A  Small  Business?
Each business owner needs to determine which retirement plan is suitable for their organization. If the sole proprietor is also the only employee, with limited contributions an IRA may suffice. But if an IRA contribution is too low, an SEP IRA may be a better option. For employers who have several employees, a 401(k) may serve the organization by offering such a plan as an employee recruiting and retention tool.

Is  It  Mandatory  To  Have  Renters  Insurance?
It is generally only mandatory if your building owner requires Renters Insurance as a condition of your lease. That having been said, obtainig Renters Insurance is a very smart decision for the protection it provides you. If your furnishings for example, were destroyed in a fire that severely damaged the building, your landlord would not be providing you with any financial support for you to replace your belongings. Likewise, if somehow you caused damage to your apartment, the liability portion of your Renters Insurance would cover the repair. Without it, you would either have to pay out of pocket or lose all or a portion of your security deposit.

Where  Can  I  Find  Car  Insurance  Quotes?
Step out the front door and holler I WILL BUY INSURANCE! Actually, you do not have to go outside you can look in yellow pages, newspaper, daily bargin papers, internet or go to an agents office. If you or a good friend knows a trustworthy agent who will advise you about coverages go see the person. When there is a question about service or claims then you have a enabler to help you. Good luck on the rest!

What  Is  Good  Homeowners  Insurance?
A good homeowners policy will protect you and your home. I would recommend a policy that has replacement cost, liability protection and depending where you live you might need earthquake, flood, mechanical breakdown and coverage for water back up. So a good homeowners policy has a variety of coverage options and you should seek a good Independent Agent.

Is  A  401K  Qualified  Or  Nonqualified?
401(k) refers to the section in the Internal Revenue Code (IRC) that permits employers to establish defined contribution plans for their employees. These plans qualify for special treatment under the IRC. Basically money can be contributed to a 401(k) before it is taxed. This reduces the amount of currently taxed income. The money held in the 401(k) can grow without incurring taxation. However, when funds are removed from the 401(k) plan, the proceeds will be taxed as ordinary income except a contribution of after-tax income.

What  Is  Impaired  Risk  Life  Insurance?
Impaired Risk Life Insurance is just regular life insurance used to cover people with health conditions or other risk factors. Agents who specialize in impaired risk life insurance have an extensive knowledge of health conditions and have become aware of what life insurance underwriters look at when determining whether they can approve a policy, or what health rating to give. Agencies that specialize in impaired risk life insurance carry a wide variety of products so that if their clients are unable to get medically underwritten coverage, they have simplified or guaranteed issue choices that will cover them.

Can  You  Rent  A  Car  With  SR22  Insurance?
When you have an SR-22 bond, it is because you probably had a major driving violation, or something similar. Since you may be considered a high-risk driver, it may be difficult to rent a vehicle, considering your insurance is basic. You should contact a number of rental agencies and see which ones can cover you.

What  Is  Health  Insurance  Gap?
Gap Insurance is a product that was introduced a few years ago to offset a raise in deductible. Many employers have introduced this product, as health insurance has become unaffordable. So how this product works is the employer would raise the major medical deductible from $2500 to $5000. There would be a second policy (Gap Insurance) that would offset the increase in deductible. Anything that is covered by the major medical plan and was applied to the deductible would be covered by the gap plan.

Can  Life  Insurance  Have  More  Than  One  Beneficiary?
Yes you can have more than one beneficiary on a life policy there are usually three on the application you also can do an attachment be careful at this because it's not good to spread things to thin so you should think about a will or living trust at this point this could cause family strife in case of death and that is the last thing we would want to see. Seek a financial planner it will be well worth the time spent. See my profile if you should need help.

What  Is  Non  Qualified  Retirement  Plan?
Non-Qualified Retirement Plans are generally funded with annuities and/or life insurance. The contributions are not tax deductible, but both products accumulate tax deferred. If designed as a TAMRA compliant non modified endowment contract, life insurance can potentially generate tax free income as long as the policy is kept in force for the life of the insured.

Who  Is  Universal  Life  Insurance  For?
Universal Life insurance works well for people who want lifelong coverage at the lowest possible price. GUL (Guaranteed Universal Life) can be guaranteed not to lapse to age 120+ at a level premium. Because GUL has very low cash value, the premium can be kept relatively low for permanent coverage. Indexed Universal Life is a good product for those who want a safe way to save up money for retirement income. Unlike GUL, IUL is used to create large amounts of cash value that can be borrowed tax deferred during retirement. So Universal Life really can work for almost anyone. It is flexible and can be adapted for a lifetime.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Insulin  Pump  Supplies?
Yes, Medicare does cover insulin pump supplies under Medicare Part B. If the Medicare patient uses syringes or pen for diabetes, rather than a pump, those supplies are not covered by Part B but are covered by Part D. The diabetic person using the insulin pump must have type 1 diabetes, or hard to control type 2 or gestational diabetes.

How  To  Change  To  A  Different  Health  Insurance  Plan?
Changing to a different health insurance plan can be easy if you allow it to be. First, you should speak to an independent health insurance agent that represents most of the major carriers. They will be able to save you weeks of research and be able to show you plans from the major carriers. They can then help you figure out which plan would meet your needs the best. You can also compare health insurance plans instantly on our website. If you are looking for under age 65 health insurance click "other" and it will take you to that section. If you are 65 or over you can compare Medicare Supplement plans on our homepage. You can also give us a call at 1-888-407-8664.

How  To  File  A  Health  Insurance  Claim?
There are two ways to file a health insurance claim. The easiest would be to have your doctor or service providors employees file the claim directly through their office so that you don't have to deal with it. If that's not an option, health claim forms can always be printed off of your carriers website and completed to be submitted.

What  Is  Scheduled  Health  Insurance?
Scheduled Health Insurance plans are not meant to replace traditional Comprehensive Health insurance plans and are more of a basic policy providing access to day-to-day health care such as going to the doctor or getting a prescription drug. They are often offered by associations that provide the plan to members of the association only. These associations must be formed for reasons other than to sell insurance. They are very limited compared to a comprehensive health plan and are not meant to cover catastrophic events. Although these plans cost less than a comprehensive plan, they are limited and pay benefits directly to their providers based on the "schedule of benefits" outlined in the plan. Resources: WealthAcademyPh.com Wikipedia

Can  A  Nursing  Home  Take  Your  Life  Insurance  Policy?
There are limits on how much cash value can be in a Whole or Universal Life insurance policy in order to not exceed Medicaid asset guidelines. Term life insurance is not counted as an asset at all, since there is no cash value in Term insurance. If you do have a permanent policy with thousands of dollars of cash value, you have a number of choices. You can transfer ownership, but if entering a nursing home now, that will not protect it. You can possibly change it to a funeral policy, which is allowed. Or you can legally use the cash value to pay for nursing home care while holding onto some of the base coverage. Your social worker and life insurance agent can work together to make this the most favorable situation for you.

Does  Child  Support  Include  Health  Insurance?
In some situations a part of your divorce decree may include a stipulation that your ex-spouse provide health insurance coverage for your child(ren). In some cases the cost of coverage is over and above the mandated monthly child support amount, or it may be included. Every situation is different so review your decree.

Is  Life  Insurance  Necessary?
If you have a family, business or both then I would say a life insurance policy is highly recommended. You risk the well being of the people you leave behind if you don't. If you are the main bread winner I would add that you should definitely purchase a policy because I am sure you are a responsible adult and would not want to leave your family/business partners swinging in the wind when their financial security blanket is gone. Just a thought.

Why  Would  A  Person  Buy  Term  Life  Insurance?
Some reasons a person would buy Term Life insurance are: 1) they feel that their need for life insurance is going to go down or disappear after the length of the term, 2) they don't feel that they can afford permanent life insurance, 3) they are required by a loan or other contract to purchase a term policy, or 4) they are just providing for a contingency while saving up enough money to provide for their needs in other ways in the future. A reputable life insurance agency can guide them through this decision making process so that the type of insurance they purchase realistically meets their needs.

Can  I  Get  Health  Insurance  If  I  Have  A  Preexisting  Condition?
You can get health insurance if you have a pre-existing condition. Many policies are approved when applicants are being treated for illness or sickness and are taking medications. Extremely serious conditions such as heart disease or cancer present a bolder challenge. However, in October, Open Enrollment begins for 2014 effective dates when all pre-existing conditions will be covered and no medical questions will be answered. "Exchange" plans will be sold with brokers and reputable websites helping consumers navigate through a new way of buying health insurance. You may also qualify for a federal tax subsidy. As an experienced broker myself, we realize that due to the complexity of the changes in healthcare, our expertise and help will be utilized. Naturally, there are never any broker fees.

Can  Debtors  Collect  Life  Insurance?
A debtor can collect on the proceeds of a life insurance policy if that party is the beneficiary of a policy. It can depend on what state you reside in as to whether your life insurance proceeds can be exempt, if you are beneficiary because of statues you should not have any problems. The Creditor would have to know also that the policy existed to be able to pursue the debt in this manner. There are state and federal statues regarding creditors rights in insurance. Insurance was developed to protect against contingencies that might financially interfere with the proceeds that were set up for someones loved ones.

Who  Qualifies  For  AARP  Health  Insurance?
AARP insurance is uusally associated with indiviuuals that are turning 65 or have already been on Medicare. AARP is part of United Health Insurance Company which also owns GoldenRule Insurance company thATwrites individual health insurance policies. UHC also owns a special needs company, Care Improvement Plus, whick writes "special needs policies for individauls with heart conditiun, diabetes, COPD. If you have any pre-exisating conditions and have not applied for social security disablity please do so because no matter what yujr age is once you have drawn social security disability for 24 months you call qualify for Medicare. If you need health insurance/nedicare you should certainly speak with your nearest UHC agent

Can  You  Lose  Your  Medicare  Coverage?
If you are incarcerated in prison for a length of time you will lose your Medicare until released.; If you are on Medicare Disability and return to the work force and lose Social Security you are no longer eligible. As a rule however, you will not lose your Medicare Coverage.

Can  You  Take  Out  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  On  A  Stranger?
Being able to take life insurance out on a stranger puts people at risk for being the target of insurance fraud, such as money laundering or murder. Insurance companies have cracked down on this mightily by requiring that there is an insurable interest in order for someone to take out a policy on another, that the insured person gives their consent, and that agents report any suspicious activity in regard to fraud.

What  Does  Life  Insurance  Test  For?
When applying for most medically underwritten life policies, an applicant can expect to have a blood profile and urinalysis ordered as well as vital signs taken by a parmedical examiner. The lab tests look at body chemistry. There are lots of chemical names and acronyms such as glucose, albumin, protein, cholesterol, liver enzymes, HIV, GGTP, PSA, BUN, nicotine, drugs and so on. The tests continue to evolve over time and can vary in some cases by insurance company based on age and amount. A life insurance underwriter is looking for abnormal results which, on their own may not mean much but when compared with additional information collected such as medical history, readings for blood pressure, etc., it helps them assess mortality risk.

Is  Velcade  Covered  By  Medicare?
Velcade is used to treat Multiple Myeloma and Mantle Cell Myeloma. In most situations, Velcade is administered in your doctors office or clinic and would be covered under Medicare Part B. If you have Medicare supplement plan F your share for the drug would be $0. Other plans would require cost sharing.

Can  Obese  People  Get  Life  Insurance?
An obese person may be able to get life insurance depending on their exact height, weight, and other health issues (if any). Insurance companies have guidelines that they use to rate a person and these ratings dictate the premium that you will pay. A substandard rating will pay a higher premium than a preferred rating. It is important to discuss your overall health profile with a knowledgeable advisor who can provide guidance on the possibility of obtaining life insurance and what company will provide the best offer for your unique circumstances.

Who  Buys  Renters  Insurance?
People that want to protect their family and themselves from potential financial exposure due to an accident that they are deemed responsible for or due to other incidents (such as lightning or a fire). Renters insurance provides protection for the insured personal property, personal liability coverage and loss of use coverage.

How  Long  Does  It  Take  For  A  Renters  Insurance  Claim  Due  To  Theft?
The goal of an insurance carrier is to process your claim as quickly as possible. In a theft there would be certain steps that would need to be fulfilled. A police report must be filed. The insured would have to fill out an inventory sheet of items stolen. Also the insured would need to be interviewed. Upon completion if there are no complications the insurance carrier would issue a check to the insured for the stolen items. Happy Shopping.

Can  A  21  Year  Old  Get  Life  Insurance?
Yes. The premiums for coverage depend on a number of factors including whether the 21 year old is a male or female, his/her medical history, height/weight profile, any tobacco usage, the amount of coverage the policyowner is looking to secure and how long he/she wants it guaranteed for. Many individuals look at securing a guaranteed universal life or whole life policy for an individual at such a young age as they can reasonably expect to live for a long time, meaning the rates are much much lower than someone who is in their 30's, 50's, 60's, etc., where the number of years of remaining life expectancy would be less. With such low rates at a young age, guaranteeing the premiums and death benefit for life is very affordable. Consult with an independent insurance agent/broker to see what plans are available and what structure would be best suitable to meet your needs. You can send me a private message by clicking on the "contact me" button if you would like assistance with your and your family's life insurance needs.

Who  Sells  The  Best  Life  Insurance?
The best life insurance isone that is sold by a stable, A-rated (A.M. Best) insurance company, and isthe lowest priced for the amount and length (term) you need Sounds complicated? Not really. To get the best deal, visit a website that offers term life quotes. There are many out there, but I like the QualityTermLife website because it lets you compare over 100 insurers, has a needs calculator to help figure out just how much to buy, and you don't have to give your phone or email just to see the quotes.

Why  Do  Employers  Offer  Life  Insurance?
Employers can offer life insurance to employees and their families as a benefit. This helps attract good employees. Some people cannot get reasonably priced life insurance in other ways, so it can be a valuable enticement. Employers can also deduct the premiums they pay for the first $50,000 of group coverage.

Can  A  70  Year  Old  Get  Life  Insurance?
That is a great question! Absolutely you can. In fact, there are probably more policies available for people aged 50-75 than there are any others. Younger people don't believe that their ends will ever come, while age brings wisdom, in many cases. There are a ton of great options, and a good agent can help you find an affordable policy with the coverage that you can safely afford. If you'd like some more details, please feel free to contact me, okay? Thank you for asking!

Can  You  Sell  A  Car  Without  Insurance?
You should be able to sell a car without insurance. But don't let the potential buyer drive the vehicle! Otherwise, you couldpotentiallyhave some financial issues to deal with. The buyer of the vehicle should always have current car insurance, so they can easily add the car to their policy at the time of purchase. And, when selling a vehicle, don't take cash or a check. Insist on a certified bank check and verify that the check has cleared.

Is  Pre  Existing  Condition  Covered  By  The  Health  Insurance?
Your pre-existing condition is not necessarily covered by you insurance plan. Although applicants can no longer be denied due to their medical history, many plans still have exclusions and limitations written into the policy. It's vital to read through the summary of benefits and Coverage prior to enrolling in a policy to make sure it protects you and your conditions. Please click the "Contact Me" button on the left or run a personalized quote at: WEBSITELINK Also, feel free to call me anytime at: 561-320-2978

How  Does  One  Get  Medicare?
The main way to qualify for Medicare is to be turning 65 year sold. You can complete the application process as early as age 64 and 9 months. Many individuals will qualify for premium-free Part A - you have the option of signing up for Part B as well, however, Part B requires a monthly premium. If you're under 65, you may be eligible for Medicare if you're on disability (and have been for at least 24 months) or have end-stage renal disease (ESRD). You can enroll in Medicare Part A (and Part B as well) online through the social security administration website, ssa.gov. Part A & Part B are referred to as Original Medicare. Original Medicare covers approximately 80% of expenses and both parts feature a deductible that you're resopnsible for paying (in addition to the other 20% of remaining expenses). I would recommend adding a Medicare supplement (Medigap) plan to cover the other expenses - these are sold through private insurance companies. Plan F is the most comprehensive, but if your doctor accepts Medicare and assignment, you may want to look at a plan N as well. The major advantage of adding a Medigap plan when you sign up for Medicare Part B is that you have a 6-month open enrollment period where you can't be turned down for a plan (no medical underwriting) and it helps create a predictable expense structure for your health care.

Will  Health  Insurance  Pay  For  Dental  Work?
The short answer is generally no, that's what Dental insurance is for. However, there are several caveats to this. First, the Affordable Care act does require pediatric dental coverage as part of the offer the health insurance plans have to make, so there is now some dental coverage for your children available in health insurance. Check with your current carrier to get the details. Secondly, there is a difference between, check up, filling a cavity, teeth clean etc. and an actual medical condition. For example, if your jaw was broken in a fall and it damaged some of your teeth in the process. Your health carrier may cover some or all of it because it is injury related and part of a larger issue. or is you have a cancer that destroys part of your jaw and teeth, again this is a medical issue and not just a dental one and your carrier may cover some of the medical expenses.

Does  Wisconsin  Require  Auto  Insurance?
Yes, Wisconsin does require auto insurance. The state minimums are fairly low though. I typically recommend no less than 100/300 coverage for any person that I speak to about coverage. The coverage is there to help protect your financial future. Things happen, don't let an accident destroy yours' or your family's future. Call your local agent to find out how affordable coverage really is. Especially compared with the alternative.

How  Long  Will  My  Life  Insurance  Last?
If you are asking the question how long the proceeds will last to the survivors at your death, that answer is dependent on what you want the life insurance to pay for or fund at your death and the amount of money a surviving spouse or child will need each month after you have passed on. If you are asking the question regarding life insurance products, whole life is designed to last to age 99. Term life insurance will expire at the end of the policy term if not renewed or converted. Keith Prim - Dallas, TX 214-435-0791

Do  Georgia  Employers  Have  To  Offer  Health  Insurance?
Unlike omst parts of the Affordable Care Act, if you are employed by a business with less than 50 full time employees, your employer has the option of offering coverage, but not is not mandated to do so. The health law does not require businesses with fewer than 50 employees to offer health insurance to their workers. Small Employers wanting to offer coverage to employees may do so using the SHOP exchange, which is meant to help small business owners find affordable coverage. The government offers certainincentives in the form oftax credits and deductions to encourage employers with fewer than 25 employees who set up coverage through SHOP and help pay for it. Currently in Georgia, the only way to sign up for a SHOP plan is to go see an agent, broker or insurance company and fill out the paperwork. Online enrollment is scheduled to be available during next fall's open enrollment period, starting November 15, 2014.

What  Type  Of  Auto  Insurance  Provides  Coverage  From  A  Tree?
If a Tree falls on your auto and causes damage this would fall under your comprehensive coverage. A claim would be paid for your loss minus your deductible up to the value of your vehicle if it were a total loss. If you hit a tree this would fall under your collision coverage. Your loss would be paid up to the value of the vehicle if a total loss minus your deductible.

Which  Life  Insurance  Is  Best?
There is no one best life insurance company, and no one best type of life insurance policy. Life insurance companies are rated by rating agencies (AM Best, Standard and Poore's, Moody's and Fitch are the most popular). You can look at their ratings with each agency to see how life insurance companies compare with each other. Regarding types of life insurance policies, sometimes Whole Life is best, sometimes Universal Life best suits a particular need, sometimes Term Life works best. To find the best company and policy for you and your particular need, you can visit with a reputable agent and ask them to find you the best qualify product that is suitable for your needs.

What  Is  A  Blue  Medicare  Card?
In Australia, a blue Medicare card is an interim card issued to individuals or families eligible for Medicare in that country. Some people in the United States may call a Medicare Supplement card from Blue Cross Blue Shield a blue Medicare card. However, Medicare cards in the US are red white and blue.

Does  Walmart  Provide  Health  Insurance  For  Employees?
This is a great question. Most employers dictate what qualifies an employee for benefits. Factors can be if you are full or part time, hours worked etc. and there may be a waiting period. I tell everyone that they have the option to get their own individual health plan and in the event that you change careers, you won't have to worry about your health plan ending.

How  Much  For  Full  Coverage  Car  Insurance?
The only way to find out is to request an actual quote, there are too many variables for anyone to be able to give you a price unless you request a quote and give them all your information. Also, it's important to understand that there's no such thing as "Full Coverage". There is Liability coverage which covers you in case you damage someone's property or injure another person. There is Collision coverage which pays for repairs to your vehicle in case of an accident. There is also Other Than Collision coverage which pays for repairs to your vehicle in case something other than a collision happens. When people say "Full Coverage" they're usually referring to a combination of Liability, Collision, Comprehensive and a few other overages.

How  Long  Does  An  Auto  Insurance  Claim  Stay  On  Record?
Great Question. Usally a car claim stays on your insurance record for 5 years. Most insurance companies do not charge you for that accident if it is past 3 years. Some companies do not charge you for an accident if it is less than $1000 payout so check with your particular insurance company.

Who  Are  Annuities  Best  For?
Tax deferred annuities are suitable for mid to long term savers or investors, those with high tax brackets or fixed interest rate seekers who desire more returns than traditional bank CDs. Interest rates are only on crediting method available with tax deferred annuities. Other crediting methods use indices in indexed annuities as well as separate sub accounts in variable annuities. To determine the crediting method most suitable for you, consider establishing a personal financial profile that includes a risk tolerance assessment before purchasing a tax deferred annuity.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Leaking  Windows?
Homeowners insurance policies vary a lot so the only way to find out for sure is to file a claim. With that said the general guideline is that it depends on what caused the leaking. If it was caused by an unexpected event such as a windstorm or a tree hitting the house then you probably are covered, if the windows have just gotten old and started leaking over time, then this is probably not covered because of the normal wear and tear exclusion.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Incontinence  Supplies?
Unfortunately, Medicare does not pay for incontinence supplies such as adult diapers and bed pads. If the insured person is in a hospital or skilled nursing facility, those items will be covered under Medicare Part A.Otherwise, Part B will not cover them due them not being classified as durable medical equipment.

Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Mold?
Great question! After the great media "black mold" scare a few years back (yes, black mold is bad, as is most mold and fungi) most insurers quietly cut that coverage out of their homeowners policies. That is especiallytrue in the humid southern states, where mold is difficult to prevent. There may be a small amount of damage that is covered in your specific policy, so it is well worth your time to contact your agent and find out. If your policy has been in force for many years, it may also be a covered item, if the company hadn't amended your policy along the way. Contact your agent, and they can tell you for certain. Good luck, and thanks for asking!

How  Much  Is  New  York  Car  Insurance?
New York auto insurance premiums vary throughout the state. Rates downstate and in the five boroughs tend to be higher than upstate. It all depends on your coverage limits, credit score, ticket/accident activity and if there has been any lapse in coverage. If you are interested in a quote, I have a variety of auto insurance carriers in New York. Contact me at fwinterle@creativeins.net.

For  The  Sake  Of  Privacy,  Can  A  Dependent  Apply  For  A  2nd  Health  Insurance?
You get the award for the interesting question of the day. I assume you are a dependent over age 18 to begin with but are still covered under your parents health insurance plan. If you have the financial ability to pay for your own health insurance then technically you can purchase your own coverage. However, a standard part of any insurance application is a section that asks you if you will have any other health insurance coverage in effect at the same time that you will have the policy you are applying for. This is so the insurance carrier you are applying with can coordinate their coverage with the other insurance plan you are covered under. A person can be double covered (increasingly rare these days) but you cannot make a profit from being insured which would technically be feasible if you filed the same claim independently with each carrier and each insurance carrier was unaware of the other's coverage of the claim. To notanswer this question honestlywould be toengage in fraud, which could result in claim denial and possible civil liability if the double coverage situation was uncovered. The odds are pretty good that as the claim went through the national data bases that the double coverage situation would be uncovered, it might take some time but it would probably eventually surface. Answering the question honestly, will result in your insurance carrier initiating a coordination of benefits process with your parents insurance carrier in the event of a claim. This would almost certainly result in them receiving some notification from their insurance carrier of this coordination of benefits activity and them becoming aware of the situation. While I understand everyone's desire for privacy, as a parent myself, I would certainly want to be aware of any health care that my dependent children are receiving, especially when the parent to some extent or another is going to be paying part of the bill either as part of their basic premiums and quite likely as part of deductible and/or copay financial exposure. In essence hiding a separate insurance coverage and medical care from your parents will be very difficult to do and presents you with ethical issues you must be prepared to deal with. If you want total privacy from your parentsin these matters then you must be prepared to tell your parents you no longer want to be covered as a dependent and purchase your own coverage for which you are financially responsible.

What  Is  The  Difference  Between  Life  Insurance  And  Disability  Insurance?
Life insurance can be used to replace the income of the insured person after the insured person dies. Disability insurance can be used to replace the income of the insured person if the insured person becomes disabled.Disability can occur several times during one's life; death only occurs once.

Where  Is  Car  Insurance  Mandatory?
That is a great question! Car insurance is required in almost every State in America. Even in the ones that don't, you have to be able to prove that you can pay for damages caused in an accident. If you are looking for the state with the least requirements, it used to be New Hampshire, but that may have changed since I lived out east. It is safe to say that it is required almost everywhere that you can go. It makes sense to have it, and can be devastating to you if you don't. Thanks for asking!

What  Does  Face  Amount  Mean  In  Life  Insurance?
The face amount of the policy represents the face amount the policy is scheduled to pay out. In the case of a graded death benefit the policy will pay a reduced amount for the first 2 or three policy years before going to the actual face amount. Some companies pay dividends. These dividends can be used to buy additional insurance thus increasing the death benefit. But dividends are not guaranteed Should you die the beneficiary would receive the Face amount of the policy plus any paid up insurance accumulated by the dividends. In the case of a Universal Life policy, the policy would pay the face amount plus if you choose you can have the death benefit increased by any cash value accumulated in the policy. Because of the nature of Universal Life you need to make sure you are paying sufficient premium to keep the policy in force, otherwise the policy would lose the death benefit entirely. Always read your annual statement if you have a Universal Life policy.

How  Does  One  Get  Renters  Insurance?
To get renters insurance you must contact an agent who is licensed to sell Property and Casualty insurance. Any agent who sells home and auto insurance is licensed to sell renters insurance. You should seek out an agent who will show you policies from numerous carriers so you can determine which carrier is the best match for you.

Why  Are  Life  Insurance  Claims  Denied?
Life insurance companies issue contracts. There are requirements for the company and there are requirements for the customer. If the customer commits suicide in the first couple of years most companies can, by contract, deny the death benefit. If there has been an attempt to defraud the company the claim can be denied. Very few claims are denied. Law suits often accompany a denial.

How  Does  Borrowing  From  Your  401K  Work?
This is pretty simple actually. Borrowing from your 401(k) involves filling out a form indicating how much you would like to borrow. If the money is available, they you will get a check in that amount. Because this is a loan, payments would most likely be set up taken from your current paycheck if you are working. There is interest you will pay back as well however you are paying yourself back. If you withdraw the funds, you may have a tax liability to pay for, fyi.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Car  Accident  Injuries?
Health insurance covers car accident injuries and injuries from just about everywhere else. There may be a deductible or coinsurance that may have to be met before the claim is paid. If you have car insurance, your benefits may be the primary coverage, and therefore pay before the health insurance pays the claim.

Things  To  Look  At  When  Buying  Health  Insurance?
Excellent question! You essentially have 3 main variations on the theme when purchasing ObamaCare compliant major medical insurance; 1) Conventional plan designs with office visit & prescription copays and lower deductibles (pretty pricey these days) 2) High deductible health insurance plans designed to work with a Health Savings Account (HSA) or a Health Reimbursement Arrangement (HRA) - becoming more common. 3) Plans that fall in between, here you may see a plan with office visit copays and a high deductible applying to everything else, plans with prescription copays and a high deductible applying to everything else, or plans with more moderate deductible levels with all services subject to the plan's deductible and co-insurance requirements but that also don't meet the IRS requirements for being an HSA eligible plan. Simple, right? First, determine if the doctors, hospitals and pharmacies you want to use are in-network providers for the plan you are interested in. Second, review you health and your history of health care consumption. Your needs and usage at 27 will probably be much different than when you are 47. Try to pick a plan that you believe will meet your needs in the coming year at the best value. Determine if the plan you are interested in allows for direct access to specialists or whether it requires you to be referred out by your primary care physician first. Neither approach is bad but you should understand how you are supposed to access care in order to maximize your benefits and minimize your costs. Ask what your coverage is when you are outside of your immediate area. Increasingly you may find that you only have emergency care outside of a plan's "service area" or perhaps no coverage at all. Do you have special needs? A chronic illness or injury that requires ongoing treatment or expensive prescription medication requires extra homework. For example, some health plan's pharmacy benefits cover HIV/AIDS medications at the lowest level (to them, highest for you) possible. Finally, compare monthly premiums. The lowest monthly cost, while always attractive, many not really be the lowest annual cost for you once you factor in some or all of the issues I have pointed out above. It may be worth another $50 a month in premiums to have a prescription copay instead of a deductible of up to $6300 to meet before your expensive medication is covered.

What  Medicare  Advantage  Plan  Is  Best?
The best Medicare Advantage plan is the one that fits your needs and budget. One of the biggest mistakes our seasoned citizens make is enrolling in an Advantage plan based on the premium. Many plans have a $0 premium which can be attractive but also financial suicide. If you have chronic health issues a Medicare Advantage plan is probably not your best choice.

What  To  Look  For  In  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
The premium paid is always measured by the value proposition of the policy. The policy provisions are extremely important and need to be defined to the satisfaction of the potential policy owner before the policy is purchased. Why? Because claims are the true test of any morbidity product, especially with long term care insurance.

Will  I  Be  Drug  Tested  For  Life  Insurance?
Not every life insurance company requires a drug test on every policy. Each provider has different underwriting criteria and rules. The policy size and your age at time of application determine the type of medical testing that may be required. A small policy may be simplified issue: just answer a short list of medical questions. A very large policy will require lengthier questions, along with blood and stool samples.

Why  Are  My  Auto  Insurance  Rates  So  High?
Automobile rates are determined from several factors: If could be the company you are with. Be sure to shop around, What does your driving history look like? If you have a record of events, this will increase your rates. Age. If you are a teenager, your rates will be higher than someone in there 30's for example. Credit history. Some companies use this as a factor to your premium rates. Type of coverage you have. This is a bit subjective however if you are still paying on your car, then you probably are paying for full coverage. This is more expensive than just liability. Please note, I am not recommending you to get liability just to reduce cost. Consult your auto insurance agent to review the plans you have available and the related costs. Be sure to ask why you need it, is it mandatory or required, what you loose if you do not have it.

How  Much  Is  Home  Insurance  Yearly?
Annual #HomeInsurance rates are different for each home;homeowners insurance premium is based on the coverage afforded, details of the risk and deductible chosen by the insured. There islink providing an online format to obtain a quote and buy home insurance online in multiple States; may be used by Escrow/Closing Professionals, Mortgage Professionals, Real Estate Agents and directly by Consumers. An exemplary online experience for all! WEBSITELINK

Can  I  Get  My  401K  Now?
Can you get your 401k now? In most cases the answer is yes, but the question is should you? Cashing in your 401k plan prior to age 591/2 (unless you take a series of annuity like payments) subjects you to a 10% penalty along with making any funds taxable as income. The other thing to think about with a question like this is if you cash out your retirement early, what will you have later?

Who  Sells  The  Most  Annuities?
According to LIMRA, in 2012 the top issuing carrier of annuities, which is measured by the largest amount of incoming money into its annuity products, was Jackson National Life. Number 2 was Prudential and number 3 was Met Life.

Can  You  Borrow  From  A  Term  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Term life insurance has no cash value, so there nothing to borrow. But as personal property, an existing term life insurance that is convertible to permanent life insurance for older insured may have the potential to be sold in the life settlement market for cash.

Does  My  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Me  In  Europe?
I am assuming you are referring to renting a vehicle in Europe and your US coverage extending to the rental car. This totally depends on your carrier and their policy. Most likely NO, some (though not all) US carriers will extend coverage to Canada (many used to extend to Mexico as well, but more and more are removing this coverage). There may be a few carriers out there that would extend to European Countries, but the only way to know for sure is to call them or you agent directly and ask. I'd get it in writing too......

Is  Water  Heater  Damage  Covered  By  Homeowners  Insurance?
Some water damage is covered, while others are not. If the water damage is the result of a burst water pipe in your house then the policy will probably cover repairs. If the source of the water is outside your home, as in a flood, coverage is excluded unless you have a flood policy. If the source of water is a back-up in the sewer it can be covered in your homeowners policy if you purchase the appropriate additional coverage.

What  Is  Plan  F  For  Medicare  Supplement?
Medicare supplement plan F is the most popular Medigap plan in most states. It is the easiest one to explain, the one with the richest benefits, highest premium and highest agent commission. Is it any wonder Medicare supplement plan F is sold more than any other plan? There are almost always better values and lower premiums with other plans. Over 90% of my clients pick something other than Medicare supplement plan F.

When  Should  I  Get  A  Life  Insurance?
My advise is to get a Whole Life insurance policy as soon as possible! As Jim commented above premiums are lower the younger you are. That's true for all types of life insurance, but the real advantage to buying a policy early is when you buy a Whole Life policy from a Mutual company that pays dividends on top of the minimum interest on your cash value. The longer you let the cash value grow the more you'll have at your disposal when you want or need it to supplement your retirement income!

What  Medications  Are  Covered  By  Medicare?
Prescription medications are not covered by Medicare parts A or B. You have to purchase a part D plan separately. Part D plans are sold by private companies, and each one has a different list of covered medications (formulary). The Medicare.gov website has a tool to help you identify the plan that provides the best coverage for your unique set of prescribed medications.

Does  Life  Insurance  Have  To  Go  Through  Probate?
Life insurance that is left to a person as beneficiary does not have to go through probate. A check is sent to the beneficiary shortly after the death claim and certified death certificate are sent to the life insurance insurance company. On the other hand, if the estate is set up as the beneficiary, or if the beneficiaries stated on the policy are not alive at the time of the death of the insured person, the proceeds would go to the estate and then, through probate.

What  Does  A  Life  Insurance  Examiner  Do?
Life insurance examiners (also called "paramed" examiners) conduct life insurance exams for paramedical companies, either as employees or independent contractors. Since many life insurance exams are done in the Insured person's home, examiners must have transportation and a means of contacting the applicant to be sure the the appointment is set up and kept. Paramed examiners gather the health history from the applicant, perform phlebotomies, collect urine specimens, take vitals, administer EKG's, and compile it all into a legible report to submit to the life insurance company in a timely manner. They must be courteous, confidential, reliable, and professional in manner.

Are  Annuities  Exempt  From  Creditors  In  California?
In many states, Annuities are exempt from creditors up to a certain dollar limit. But this varies from state to state. It can also be very situation specific. It is best to consult with a lawyer who is familiar with CAs estate laws. Especially if this is a main concern when making the purchase.

Who  Offers  Medigap  Coverage?
Medigap or Medicare Supplement insurance coverage is offered by private insurance companies. All Medigap Plans are standardized, so the benefits with Plan F from ABC insurance company are the same exact benefits with XYZ insurance company. The only difference is the price. Often times, Seniors are only aware of a few insurance companies that offer Medigap Plans. This is because of their heavy marketing techniques. In reality, there are many more insurance companies available and probably most of them you've never heard of -- but since Medigap Plan benefits are standardized by CMS, it doesn't matter what the name of the insurance company is. An independent agent specializing in Medicare Supplement insurance can share which insurance companies are in your area and which ones have the best price. Thank you for reading my response. Please let me know if I can help you find Medigap coverage in your area.

Which  Dogs  Raise  Home  Insurance?
Rather than raise rates many companies restrict coverage. For example, the company might completely exclude coverage for personal injury or loss that comes beause you own a pit bull, Doberman, or Rottweiler. If you have an animal that has a history of biting, you will probably find that animal excluded as well. The company may also limit the amount that they will pay for any claim coming from the bite of any animal.

What  Is  Wrong  With  Fixed  Index  Annuities?
Fixed annuity products are not wrong in and of themselves. There are poorly constructed and low crediting rate annuities to be sure, but there are good ones as well. The annuity policy is only as good as the insurance company behind them and the annuity has to fit the product suitability of the policy owner.

Can  You  Take  Out  Life  Insurance  On  A  Grandparent?
Yes, you can take out a life insurance policy on a grandparent in many situations. If you are contributing to your grandparent's living expenses or health care through money or services, or if your grandparent lives with you, there will be no problem with purchasing life insurance for your grandparent. If you are not contributing to your grandparent's financial situation, you still should be able to purchase a final expense policy (under $100,000) for your grandparent. When purchasing simplified issue final expense insurance, it is often easier to purchase the policy if your grandparent is the owner of their own policy. It does not matter so much who is the payer.

What  Does  Travelers  Renters  Insurance  Cover?
Travelers Insurance Company has an excellent renters insurance policy. The Form HO-4 covers Personal Property and Personal Liability Insurance for the tenant (insured). Renters Insurance is a very valuable coverage because it no only offers protection against damage to your personal property but also protection against negligence and personal liability cases that may be brought against you. One valuable example is if there is fire, smoke or water damage to the rented home or apartment unit, the property owner's insurance company will most likely attempt to collect damages from the tenant if they can prove negligence. In this case, Renters Insurance will provide the legal representation to handle the situation although the policy limit will apply. If you are not sure and don't really want to commit to purchase renters insurance but may or may not be required to according to your lease agreement, the best way to generate the lowest annual premium is to select the minimum personal property coverage available, the lowest limit of personal liability and the highest available deductible for the policy. There is a link providing an online format to obtain a quote and buy renters insurance online in multiple States; may be used by Escrow/Closing Professionals, Mortgage Professionals, Real Estate Agents and directly by Consumers. An exemplary online experience for all! WEBSITELINK

What  Is  Social  Security  Disability  Insurance  Program?
Social Security defines a disability as expected to last at least one year or to result in death and prevents one from doing any substantial, gainful work. Through our Social Security system here in the United States, benefits are available for workers (and their families) who have earned enough work credits to be eligible for Social Security disability benefits. What that means is that the individual must have a proven work record of credits in order to qualify for disability benefits under Social Security, and they must have paid into the system in order to obtain a benefit from it. (For young workers, the criteria are a little different because of their limited time in the employment market.)

What  Are  Bonus  Annuities?
Tax deferred annuities have differing crediting methods: interest rate crediting, indexed crediting and separate sub account crediting and debiting, i.e. you could lose money. But in addition to crediting methods, some annuities actually credited a one year bonus at the beginning of the terms of the annuity. That bonus is generally applicable for the guaranteed income rider or vested over the contract period of the annuity.

Is  Health  Insurance  Elastic  Or  Inelastic?
I believe that health insurance is neither elastic or inelastic. The amount of insurance most people purchase has little to do with the actual cost of the coverage. In most cases the person making the purchase decision is not the individual paying for the coverage. People can pay widely different amounts for the very same level of coverage. When the coverage is purchased through work the person's employer is making a portion of the premium payments on behalf of the employee. Any remaining contribution is paid for by the employee using pretax payroll deductions. The IRS is then picking up a portion of the tab in the form of a tax subsidy. When individuals purchase coverage through a state exchange they may be eligible for premium and cost sharing subsidies. The subsidies are based upon the household's income compared to the federal poverty level.

What  Is  A  457  Retirement  Plan?
457 deferred compensation plans that allow pretax contributions. The earnings accumulate tax deferred and allow you a catch up contribution of $5,500 you are age 50 or older. 457(b) deferred compensation plans that are available in government and non-government organizations under 501(c). 2013 contribution limits are $17,500.

Does  Home  Insurance  Include  Fire  Insurance?
Homeowners insurance is Fire Insurance and more. Homeowners Insurance covers a variety of perils. Many will cover any peril that is not specifically excluded in your policy. Most common perils covered are Fire, Hail, Wind, Lightening, Vandalism, and Theft. Your Homeowners Insurance also protects you for Liability if someone is hurt on your property and you are engaged in a Lawsuit.

Renters  Insurance  Who  Does  It  Cover?
Great question! Typically a policy, whether it is a renters, health or life insurance policy will only cover the person or persons named on the policy. So if you put you and your spouse, you both are covered. If you name your family, then you all are covered. If it is just you, and you have a roommate who is not named, you are covered, they are most likely not. Check your policy and see who is listed, and who they will cover, or call your agent and have them tell you. Thanks for asking!

Does  A  Non-Working  Spouse  Need  Life  Insurance?
Yes, if there were a financial hardship if they died. Let's say the wife has a very demanding and high income career. The husband stays home to raise the kids and take care of the house. The husband suddenly dies. Now the wife has to hire a nanny, a house keeper and possibly a personal assistant to replace the work that was being done.

How  To  End  Life  Insurance  Policy?
That is a great question! The most common methodis you pass away. If that isn't your first choice, then You have a couple of options. ( and I'd strongly recommend that you speak with your agent or advisor first, especially if it is just a matter of unaffordable payments) The first is to write them, and tell them that you would like to surrender the policy. (contact me, and I'll explain surrender vs. cancel) the second is to stop paying it. Both methods will end the policy. If you need help, please contact me. Thanks for asking!

Can  A  Learner  Driver  Get  Car  Insurance?
That is a great question! In most cases, the learner is added to someone else's policy as a driver until such time as they can get their own policy. Parents add their child as a driver on the vehicle, as it is generally cheaper than the policy for a teenager would be. Thanks for asking!

What  Is  The  Average  Cost  For  Renters  Insurance?
That is going to depend on many factors. Some of these factors are geography, age of the building, construction of the building, number of untis, alarm and fire systems within the complex and many others. During my time of handling this type of insurance in my opion I would say that the average is around seven to twenty dollars per thousand dollars of coverage for your personal property.

How  Do  You  Shop  For  Life  Insurance  Online?
That's a great question! You google "local independent insurance agents". Then work your way down the list until you find one you like. I am not a fan of trusting my financial future or the protection of my family to anyone that I don't know. If I have a problem, I want to know the person that will handle it, and who will be returning my call. I also know that internet sites are set up to give you "best case" prices when you shop, that can turn out to be different in reality. A live agent can give you an exact premium price, and details on any reasons why there might be difficulties in getting the best rate. I also am leery of hackers getting all of my information, and am not a fan of putting it out there in the cloud for the picking. There are a lot of things that are good to buy on the internet, but in my opinion, life insurance isn't one of them. Thanks for asking!

Who  Has  The  Best  Auto  Insurance  Rates  In  California?
The best insurance rates buy coverage that is adequate to meet your needs when you have a claim. When you are involved in a collision you wont care how much you paid, you will care how much the company will pay on your behalf and for your loss. A good insurance agent is the key to the best auto insurance. The agent should listen to you, provide sound financial advice and communicate clearly with you and with the insurance company you both select.

What  Percentage  Of  Small  Businesses  Provide  Health  Insurance?
The percentage of small businesses that provide health insurance to their employees is hard to calculate. Firstly, the definition of a small business can vary. It could be considered as a few as 2 employees or as many as 50. Also, this number will probably be dropping in 2014, when many businesses decide to eliminate offering healthcare toemployees, since it is more cost-effective to pay a penalty.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Wind  Damage?
Short answer is yes it does. Wind is a normal covered peril in a standard Homeowners' policy. Now, how the coverage is applied may vary a bit depending upon the location of your home. If you are located in a coastal community as opposed to inland, some Insurance Companies may require a higher deductible for wind damage coverage. Some consider it separately, others lump wind together with hurricane. It may also be handled differently in areas that are more subject to tornadoes. It is best to talk to your Insurance Professional about the specific terms and conditions of your policy.

Why  Do  You  Need  Home  Insurance?
Most people buy home insurance because it is required by their mortgage company. A home is often the largest single investment made by a family. It also represents the largest risk that a family can assume. Anyone injured on your property can sue you for personal liability or property damage. You are vulnerable. The home is often your largest asset. If the house were to be destroyed, your loss would be substantial. Since you depend upon your home as a place to live, if it were destroyed there would be considerable additional expenses to find suitable lodging. There are many other reasons but it just makes common sense to insure such a significant asset.

Does  Medicare  Part  A  Cover  Outpatient  Services?
Medicare Part A covers hospitalization benefits. It covers all costs for most hospital stays, except there is a deductible of about $1260 in 2015. All out-patient benefits are provided by Medicare Part B. These include doctor visits for illness as well as wellness care, testing etc.. Note that you must pay for Medicare part B. The cost is generally about $105-110/mo, unless you are in a higher income bracket. There is a deductible for Part B benefits also. It is $137 in 2015. Medicare Part B covers about 80% of the costs of out-patient care if the service is provided by a practitioner who/which accepts Medicare. A Medicare Supplement could pay much or all of the deductibles and co-pays under Medicare. You must continue to pay the Part B premium. If you choose to be covered by a Medicare Advantage Plan, INSTEAD of Medicare, you must continue to pay the Medicare part B premium.

How  Can  I  Compare  Home  Insurance  Quotes  In  Georgia?
The trick to this is getting quotes that are comparable.There are so many more nuances in Homeowners coverages than on auto. So start out with what coverages you have now. Start with the amount of insurance on Coverage A of your policy. Does this really reflect the replacement cost of your property ?Now look at the ancillary coverages: Do you have water/sewer back up ? Does the limit include both dwelling and contents or only one or the other. Do you have Law and Ordinance Coverage what is the percentage? What about personal injury coverage ? Do you have a schedule or need specific coverage on jewelry, watches or furs or similar expensive items limited in the existing policy by a dollar value? If so what is it ? Do you need special circumstantial coverage for a home based business,? Do you have home Warranty Coverage ? Do you have Earthquake coverage? Is it constrained by a per cent deductible ? If so what is it ? I think you will get the picture. then I would suggest you give an independent agency a call or visit their website. We would be glad to help you, but perhaps you are not in the Atlanta area and want some local contact. We understand that but our recommendation to an independent agent is still sound advice as they typically will have multiple companies to compare.

What  Do  Auto  Insurance  Agents  Do?
Auto insurance agents are primarily tasked with the process of finding new clients for whom they can write insurance policies. Some auto insurance handle administrative duties like processing claims or policy changes, but this is very commonly shifted to support staff hired by the auto insurance agent so they can spend more time finding new clients.

Can  I  Sell  My  Life  Insurance?
We need to be clear here about if you really mean selling or surrendering your Life Insurance. Please look at my other answers regarding surrendering a policy which I recently addressed. Can you "Sell" your Life Insurance: Maybe! We do work with a company that will give lump sums of money for life insurance policies which are no longer wanted or needed. Simply, you turn the ownership over to this company, they continue paying the premiums until death. Of course, you have to qualify before anything will happen. Seek me out if you would like to review the possibilities on your life insurance policy.

Can  An  Illegal  Immigrant  Get  Life  Insurance?
Most life insurers in the US stipulate that the proposed insured must be a permanent resident of the US. That means a US citizen or a non US citizen who is a lawful permanent US resident (green card) or on certain visa types. There would also have to be a means to pay premiums and a demonstrable life insurance need i.e. generating earned income or assets to protect here. Some insurers have developed foreign national programs that can also work in situations where established US interests and ties exist plus meeting some additional criteria. Citizens of some countries may not be eligible. It can be a complex area of field underwriting - so much so that our firm has developed a special questionnaire to help shop for coverage. Be sure to work with a life insurance professional with experience in this area.

Does  Life  Insurance  Pay  Medical  Bills?
The great thing about life insurance is that the beneficiary receives the money proceeds tax free and can spend them on anything they wish including medical bills. If you purchase a cash value life insurance plan such as whole life insurance or universal life insurance, you can borrow from your cash value tax free and use the money for medical bills or anything else you desire. You may also purchase a rider on most all types of life insurance plans that can give you proceeds to be used in case of a critical illness and that money can also be used for mounting medical bills. So, the simple answer to your question would be yes, you can use life insurance to pay medical bills if you so desire.

Can  I  Go  To  Emergency  Room  Without  Health  Insurance?
Anyone can go to the ER (emergency room) regardless of whether you have health insurance or not. Bear in mind the ER is not required to treat you (except in the case of life threatening medical conditions) unless you have the ability to pay your bill. EMTALA rules require hospitals to treat medical emergencies without first verifying if you have insurance or not.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  House  Shifting?
Good question Usally earth movement is not covered on the home insurance. This is an excluded coverage and you might have to buy lets say earthquate insurance to cover that risk. Also if you live on a cliff or mountian and the soil gives way and the hosue shift or drops off the cliff you will not be covered. Good Luck

How  To  Save  A  Lot  Of  Money  For  Retirement?
Be frugal, try not to waste too much of your money on unnecessary things, buy what you can comfortably afford, pay off your credit cards and all of your other bills in full every month, put money away, and invest wisely. Time is a great friend for you because of the power of compounding interest. If you start saving money at a younger age, it can grow much more money in interest over those extra years and yield more money for you in your retirement years. It can be helpful to consult with a financial planner that can help guide you on managing your monies wisely. I would also recommend reading some books and articles that provide valuable tips on saving for retirement - there are a number of good ones out there. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your program and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Pulmonary  Rehab?
If you have a referral from your doctor, Medicare will cover a comprehensive pulmonary rehabilitation program for moderate to very severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The rehab may occur in a doctor's office or a hospital outpatient setting that offers such programs. If you get the services in a doctor's office you pay 20% of the Medicare approved amount. If as a hospital outpatient, you pay a copay for each session. You also pay the Part B deductible.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Slip  And  Fall?
You renters policy has an entire section devoted to liability insurance. It states that the company will pay any sum that you are legally liable for. If someone other than a resident of the home is injured on your premises, your company will act on your behalf. These claims can be a minor inconvenience to a major headache and are actually the best reason to have a renters policy.

Who  Needs  Life  Insurance  The  Most?
The people who need life insurance the most are the survivors. These are those who remain after you die. I assume that you love these people. While they dont need a life insurance policy, they need the money that the life insurance would have brought. They need basic necessities and they need time to recover from the shock of losing you. You dont need life insurance, they do.

Does  My  US  Car  Insurance  Cover  Driving  In  Europe?
United States Auto insurance onlycoversthe United States, it's territories and Canada. In order to operate a vehicle in Europe you would have to purchase coverage there as Europe does not recognize US insurance. Also the US insurance carriers have no recourse in the event of a law suit in a country outside their jurisdiction. Man US insurance carriers do cover you into Mexico but I recommend if entering Mexico you purchase Mexican Insurance as it is illegal in Mexico to drive without Mexican Insurance.

What  Are  Some  Life  Insurance  Companies?
There are literally hundreds of life insurance companies in the United States alone and hundreds more abroad. Some of the more well known companies are Metlife, Genworth, NY Life, Prudential, American General, ING, Transamerica and Northwestern Mutual. You know these companies because of their marketing budgets. In most cases these companies have higher premiums because they must of set their advertising budgets. There are several other lesser known life insurance companies like SBLI, Banner Life, Assurity, North American, Fidelity Security and AXA Equitible that usually a life insurance broker would know. These companies are just as good and financially sound as the more well known companies, they just don't have the larger marketing budgets and rely on brokers to sell their policies. This usually translates into more affordable premiums to the consumer. I recommend contacting an independent broker to professionally shop for the best polices at the best rates for your unique situation.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Weight  Loss  Surgery?
As a rule no, not unless there is a medical necessity. Check the exclusions in your policy or contact your insurance company before the procedure to find out for sure if the procedure you need to have done is covered. Without knowing the details of the situation it is hard to give a definitive answer.

When  Can  I  Change  My  Medigap  Plan?
In general, you can change your Medigap Plan any time of the year. You will have to medically qualify for a new Medigap Plan -- unless you are in a Guaranteed Issue situation (the rights you have in certain situations when insurance companies are bound by law to sell you a Medigap Policy and can't deny you because of current or past health issues). To qualify medically, means you have to answer the health questions on the insurance carrier's application and list prescription medications taken in the last 12 - 24 months. Every insurance company's health questions are unique, as is each individual. A licensed independent agent who specializes in Medicare Supplement insurance is a great resource for helping you find which insurance companies you may qualify with -- and, which ones have the best premiums for the Medigap Plan benefits you want. Thank you for reading my response. If I can help you with your specific situation, please feel free to contact me.

How  To  Set  Up  A  Personal  Retirement  Plan?
There are many options for funding retirement. But here are the two tributaries of thought. The first thing you should determine is your effective tax bracket. If your tax bracket is high you may want to consider a qualified plan like a 401(k), especially if your employer offers a contribution match. But if your effective tax bracket is small and you have no employer sponsored plan, then a non qualified retirement alternative that uses life insurance or annuities should be a consideration.

Is  Disability  Insurance  Worth  The  Investment?
If you were laid up and couldn't work for three to six months, would you be able to meet your expenses and put food on the table? Would you have to dip into the kids college fund to do it? How will you pay your house payment and car payment? How will you pay your health insurance premium? You tell me- is disability insurance worth it?

What  Age  Is  A  Classic  Car  For  Insurance?
This answer will vary from one classic car insurance company to the next. But generally, classic cars need to be at least 25 years old with most companies. Of course, many classic car insurance companies also provide coverage for exotic cars, which don't have age requirements. There are also some special models that companies will make exceptions for. So it's important to shop around because companies vary quite a bit with classic cars as far as what they will/won't insure.

When  Can  I  Buy  A  Medicare  Supplement  Policy?
Some companies will allow you to purchase a plan up to six months before turning 65. You can purchase a Medicare Supplement any time during the year, as long as you can qualify health-wise, unless you are in a Medicare Advantage Plan. In that case it would be in your best interest to wait until the Open Enrollment period from October 15th thru December 7th.

Can  A  Roth  IRA  Go  Into  A  Trust?
The short answer is "it depends on the type of Trust". If you are inquiring about a Revocable Living Trust the answer is "yes". Spend the money and consult with a tax advisor who understands trusts and a financial advisor who understands trusts to get the most accurate answer. Best to you, Mark

Does  Geico  Have  Homeowners  Insurance?
Geico is a National Automobile Insurance provider; the insurance company does not underwrite Home Insurance. However, they have a wholly owned subsidiary insurance agency which brokers out home insurance to other insurance companies. Since you will not receive a multi lines policy from an insurance company if your home and auto are not with the same carrier; you would be better informed if you were to purchase the auto insurance from Geico and purchase the home insurance directly from a discount home insurance company. An online format to obtain a quote and buy home insurance online has been discovered; it may be used by Escrow Professionals, Mortgage Professionals and directly by Consumers. This link is an exemplary online experience for all! WEBSITELINK

Will  Annuity  Rates  Increase  In  2014?
No one has a crystal ball nor the market clairvoyance to predict economic conditions of interest rates in the future. The only consideration is that there are historical trends, which can never be used as a predicable indicator. But they suggest that prolonged low interest rates generally give way to higher interest rates. The recent up tick in 10 year Treasuries may suggest the beginning of such a trend. Many advisers, who sell tax deferred fixed interest rate annuities are recommending short term policies in the present environment.

Does  Auto  Insurance  Go  Down  When  You  Turn  18?
That is a great question! In most cases, the answer will lie in your company's policies, your driving record, and where you live. The most risky age group for insurers is that 16-25 year old group, and as a result, the rate increases and decreases can vary quite a bit. Your best bet? Call your agent and ask. Good luck, and thanks for asking!

How  Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  Online  In  New  Jersey?
Buying life insurance online in New Jersey simply involves finding an online insurance agency that does business in the state of New Jersey. You can find such resources by searching on line for agencies or agents who do business in New Jersey. You will find several places from which you can purchase life insurance online.

At  What  Age  Do  I  Apply  For  Medicare?
If you are someone who has paid into Medicare for at least 10 years, or were a stay at home spouse whose husband or wife is eligible for Medicare, you apply at age 65. If you are already receiving Social Security benefits at age 65, you will be automatically enrolled in Medicare at age 65.

What  Can  I  Do  If  My  Car  Was  Hit  In  A  Hit  And  Run  And  The  Owner  Of  The  Other  Vehicle  Denies  Responsibility?
Repair of your car is normally covered by the collision coverage contained in your auto policy. If your car does not have collision coverage you may have exhausted your insurance options. You can litigate directly against the other vehicle owner. An attorney can advise you on the possibility of prevailing in a lawsuit.

Is  It  Worth  Buying  Critical  Illness  Insurance?
The key to a critical illness plan is to get a good one. Sadly, most agents and even fewer consumers know the difference in a good critical illness policy and a poor one. Never buy on price alone, and shop around. This is one area where paying a little more is worth it. Make sure the policy is health insurance, not life insurance with a rider.

How  To  Change  Home  Insurance?
To change your coverages for your homeowners insurance contact your local agent or your insurance carrier to discuss your coverage concerns. If you are looking to change carriers, contact local agents in your area to find out about coverage availability and pricing within your geographic location this service is provide at no cost typically.

What  Is  A  Deductible  On  Health  Insurance?
A health insurance deductible is the amount you must pay before your benefits "kick in" and begin paying (for most services - some benefits, such as preventive care, provide coverageimmediately).The deductible amount varies by plan. For example, under the new Affordable CareAct, a catastrophic plan may feature a $6,350 deductible, a bronze plan may feature a $5,000 deductible, a silver plan may feature a $3,000 deductible, a gold plan may feature a $2,000 deductible, and a platinum plan may feature a $0 deductible. These figures are not the same for all plans on each metal level.

How  Much  Is  Car  Insurance  For  New  Drivers  In  Arizona?
Great Question. A new driver in Arizona can expect to pay around $60-$200 a month depends on factors. Type of car the age of the new driver If they are a student for not the are they live in if they are single or married and finally the type of coverage they required or need.

How  To  File  A  Claim  With  Renters  Insurance?
The whole issue of filing a claim presents a problem. Property claims are actually rare. Property insurers traditionally give either premium discounts or deductible discounts based on the period of time the policy has been claims-free. It is possible that a small claim would result in a loss of these discounts and the actual out-of-pocket expenses that you experience would be more than the amount recovered. There is also the matter of mitigation which means that you can often contain the expense of a claim. This might cost you but your net out of pocket expenses might be reduced. The bottom line is to know your agent, know your deductible, and make sure both of you know the discounts you might already be receiving, before you call that 800 number. If the house is on fire, dont wait!

How  Can  I  Compare  Health  Insurance  Quotes  In  Indiana?
Comparing health insurance quotes in Indiana is very simple and you'll be able to view the best prices from the top-rated companies. Typically, utilizing an experienced broker's website will yield you the best rates. As an experienced broker myself, with a premier trusted website, we utilize modern software and are able to research and find the best offers. The Indiana Health Insurance Exchange allows you to apply for many affordable plans through Anthem and a few other carriers. No medical questions need to be answered and during Open Enrollment, your acceptance is virtually guaranteed. The new Marketplace will also provide a federal tax subsidy of your income is under 400% of the Federal Poverty Level.

How  To  Deal  With  Auto  Insurance  Claim  Adjusters?
Although more information is needed to adequately address this very general question, a few points can be made. I am going to make the assumption that you are talking about physical damage to your vehicle, with no injury. If you are asking about dealing with the person who will physically inspect your vehicle, they or someone on their behalf should first contact you, to set up an inspection at your convenience. This is really an 'appraiser' of the damages although they may also possess claim settlement authority to settle your claim on-site, in certain non-injury situations. If you are talking about a typical inside claim adjuster, expect a call from them, asking you to provide the details of the accident. After assessing the facts, the adjuster's job is to make you whole for your loss, depending upon the liability circumstances involved. In both instances, you should expect to be treated with respect whether you are the policyholder or the person whose vehicle was damaged by another party. If you are not pleased with the process, tell the appraiser or adjuster so and then ask to speak to their superior. Hope this helps somewhat but a lot more information is needed to really help you.

Why  Do  You  Need  A  Medicare  Supplement?
Medicare Supplements pay the coinsurance and deductibles you would have under original Medicare.On day in the hospital with original Medicare nearly $1200 in deductible under part A. Any part B expense is covered at 80%. The part A deductible is not calender year, it is best on coverage periods. You could conceivable have to pay this up to four times per year. There is no ceiling on the amount you would have to pay under part B so if your health condition is serious you could conceivably be responsible for over $10,000 in medical costs. Medicare Supplements will pay those costs.

Which  Company  Has  The  Best  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
You always need to match the long term care insurance (LTCi) company with client suitability. Suitability for (LTCi) is based the clients personal profile, risk tolerance and economic goals. Once thats established then we can review the LTCi company for pricing, contractual language and policy provisions that are consumer centric. But if Im forced to answer, my recommendation overall is to include Genworth in your research.

Is  Hurricane  Damage  Covered  In  Home  Insurance?
It depends on where you live and the type of policy you have. In certain states you have to purchase separate Wind/Hail coverage so hurricane coverage is not included. In Virginia, wind/hail coverage is included in most policies unless you live near the coast. Coastal policies typically excluded wind/hail coverage or they will have a separate deductible. For example, you may have a $1,000 standard deductible but a 1% - 5% named storm or hurricane deductible. A percentage deductible is a big difference so make sure you are aware of what your policy includes.

What  Life  Insurance  Can  You  Borrow  From?
You may borrow from any policy that has cash value however your best bet is to purchase a policy from a company thatwelcomes it. Please read Bank on Yourself The size of a cash buildup differs substantially from company to company. In many instances there is no correlation between the size of the cash value and premiums paid; in some cases there is an inverse relationship. Everything that the policyowner wishes to do with this policy while living is determined by the size of the cash value. For example, at some future time, a policyowner may wish to convert the cash value to a monthly retirement income. Its size will depend on (1) the amount of the cash value and (2) the attained age of the policy owner.

Can  A  Person  With  Lupus  Get  Life  Insurance?
There are two types of Lupus- systemic and non-systemic. Most insurance companies will decline systemic Lupus, but there are several that will accept people with non-systemic Lupus. Often, these plans may be graded, meaning you wouldn't get the full benefit immediately, but after a few years it would be full value. There are also guaranteed issue insurance plans that can provide some coverage. A licensed broker can help you find a plan that will be the best for your situation.

How  Does  Supplemental  Life  Insurance  Work?
Yes, supplemental life insurance works. Where it is different is in cost, underwriting and portability. First the easiest thing to comprehend about premium pricing is the more questions the cheaper the cost. Fewer questions asked? the higher the premium. Cost usually on supplemental life is more expensive because they ask fewer questions (underwriting) of the insured. IF you are of reasonable good health, it usually better cost wise and policy wise to seek an individual policy where your good health is rewarded by a lower cost to you.

How  Liquid  Are  Annuities?
Traditional annuities are very liquid. They can be surrendered immediately with proceeds reaching you in a few working days. They may have surrender charges depending upon the contract and the length of time it has been in force, so the full value of the annuity might not be available to you.

Can  You  Cancel  A  Auto  Insurance  Claim?
You don't really cancel an auto insurance claim. However, you can withdraw the claim. If an investigation has begun, it is possible that it will be completed to its conclusion. If there was damage to other property or persons, your insurer will pay any obligation that it is legally bound to pay, even if you request the claim be stopped.

What  Is  Medigap  Select?
Each Medigap plan can be offered as a "select" plan. The premiums for these plans are generally less than those of the traditional Medigap plans, however, they require you use in-network doctors and hospitals (much like how an HMO works) to receive full benefits (except in the case of an emergency). If you use a provider outside of the network, you may be responsible for the co-insurance that is not covered under Original Medicare as long as you use a doctor/hospital that accepts Medicare, If you buy a select Medigap plan and decide you would rather have a standard Medigap plan, you can change it to the standard plan within 12 months of when you started the coverage. A common question with select plans is "if I move, can I take my coverage with me?. Under select Medigap plans, you would have a guaranteed-issue right to purchase a new Medigap plan which plans are available depends on your zip code as not every plan is available in a given location. If applying for a new Medigap plan via a guaranteed-issue right, you can apply as early as 60 calendar days and up to 63 days after your coverage ended to buy a plan. Under a standard plan, you can take the plan with you as they are guaranteed renewable and have no networks. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help, including quotes and plan comparisons, and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Does  Wells  Fargo  Have  Renters  Insurance?
Wells Fargo is not an insurance company. Wells Fargo can act as an agent with several insurance companies to find you renters insurance. I personally would consult an independent agent who offers insurance for a living and is able to consult on coverage needs then use a bank that offers insurance as a side business.

Should  I  Pay  For  Disability  Insurance?
If you do not receive Disability Insurance for free through your place of employment, you should most likely pay for Disability Insurance. If your paycheck is essential to maintaining your standard of living, and if you can afford to pay the Disability Insurance premiums, it is definitely a worthy expense.

Does  Metlife  Offer  Annuities?
MetLife does offer fixed and variable annuities. Annuities are offered by hundreds of insurance companies and come in many types, offering different benefits to suit a wide variety of situations. It is always a good idea to work with a knowledgeable, independent insurance professional to see which annuity will best fit your individual needs.

When  Is  A  Retirement  Plan  Top  Heavy?
A top-heavy plan is one that benefits company officers, owners, employee shareholders, etc. and/or key employees. If a qualified plan becomes top-heavy, there are top heavy tests that ensure the other employees receive fair to equal treatment with similar benefits under the plan. In general, the basic definition of a top heavy defined contribution plan is when total account balances of key employees exceed 60% of the total retirement accounts.

Why  Would  You  Buy  Life  Insurance  For  A  Baby?
There are a couple reasons parents would buy life insurance on their baby. For one a true whole life insurance policy accumulates cash value which could be used to help out in life events such as college or a wedding. It also guarantees the insurability of the child. For example, one of my co-workers purchased life insurance on his young son who developed diabetes at age 13. If he had not done so, his son would have a hard time finding a company who would insure him.

What  Is  Comprehensive  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Comprehensive Long Term Care Insurance is long term care insurance that will pay for care received in a nursing home, assisted living, adjust day care, or one's own home. In other words, the triggers qualify you for the care and you spend the benefit where you wish. The policy is not restricted to paying only if the care is received at a certain facility.

I  Am  Disabled  When  Do  I  Get  Medicare?
Disabled individuals may qualify for Medicare subject to certain conditions. You must meet the Social Security definition of disability and, in most cases, have received SSDI checks for 2 years. Specific medical conditions, such as ESRD (end stage renal disease) may qualify you for immediate Medicare benefits. Medicare Advantage plans will not offer coverage if you have ESRD.

Is  State  Farm  a  good  company  for  Life  Insurance?
Well to join the love fest. I agree with Tyler and Scott. While State Farm is a highly rated company and does a good job on the Home and Auto side. Their life insurance offerings are just not competitive. As Scott said they really push their non guaranteed Universal Life and may add term to boost the face amount. Their underwriting is yet another issue. Being primarily a property and casualty company they have stricter Life Insurance underwriting than a Life Insurance company. Many times the agent is not that involved in the sale or service which may be relegated to the customer service rep. I have been a licensed agent for a long time. I use a property and casualty company for my property and casualty coverages and Life Insurance companies for my Life Insurance.

How  To  Switch  From  Medicare  To  Medicaid?
Medicare is administred by the federal government wheras Medicaid is administered by your State. You must go to the county office that processes request for medicaid and low income subsidy to apply for medicaid. Typically you would retain Medicare as primary carrier and if you are approved for Medicaid it becomes secondary and pays the copays and deductibles

What  Does  Whole  Life  Insurance  Not  Guarantee?
Participating whole life cannot guarantee policy dividends. Its relatively high premium is designed to be paid for life (in most cases, earlier in others) and is required to be paid each year. You may not skip a premium. Dividends are never guaranteed. Dividends are a return of premium. They can stay in the policy by buying paid up additional life insurance. Such projected cash value from dividends will appear on illustrations as non guaranteed cash values. The basic cash values in the policy are guaranteed.

What  Does  Copay  Mean  In  Health  Insurance?
A copay is a set amount of the bill you are responsible for. For example, if your policy has a $20 copay for doctors visit, and your doctor charges $100 per visit, your company pays $80 and you pay $20. If your doctor charges $150, you still only pay $20 Coinsurance is a percentage of the bill you may be responsible for. If you have a plan with 80/20 coinsurance and you have a $10,000 hospital bill, you will be responsible for $2000 (20%) and your company pays the balance

Is  Home  Insurance  A  Legal  Requirement?
Not in most states. The bank will require it in most cases however to protect themselves if you carry a mortgage on the property. If you do not have a mortgage and want to assume the risk, not only of fixing or replacing your home in the event of a loss but also the risk of law suit, then you do not have to carry homeowners insurance. Think hard about it, is it really worth the risk?

What  Does  Obamacare  Mean  For  Nurses?
Typically, nurses purchase their own health insurance (unless they work for a hospital or other large company). Since rates are expected to increase (perhaps dramatically in some areas), nurses will feel the brunt of higher prices. A new federal tax subsidy will help reduce rates for those that qualify. And of course, nurses, like everyone, must now buy health insurance. It's the law.

What  Does  Medicare  Cover  For  Vision?
Medicare Part B can provide coverage for some preventive and diagnostic eye exams for people at high-risk of certain conditions (e.g. diagnosing retinopathy in diabetics or mascular degeneration for age-related conditions). However, Medicare does not cover routine eye exams for glasses or contacts. You can check out the medicare.gov website for more specific information regarding condition/risk requirements for Medicare to pay benefits. You will need to secure coverage under a separate vision insurance plan to receive benefits for glasses, contacts, and other routine services.

How  Much  More  Is  Life  Insurance  For  Smokers?
Unfortunately, smokers or tobacco rates as it is known in life insurance is expensive. The average life insurance company will increase premiums 2 or 3 times that of a non-tobacco user with equal health risk.. Please keep in mind that you may receive tobacco rates for cigarettes, cigars, chewing tobacco or dip snuff, marijuana, vapor cigs, nicotine patches and nicotine gum. You need to be nicotine free for at least one year with most life insurance carriers in order to qualify for non-tobacco rates. There are a few carriers that will consider non-tobacco rates on a person that smokes an occasional cigar, usually less than 12 per year, but you still must be nicotine free when applying. Be sure to research those procedures.

How  To  Compare  Medicare  Part  D  Plans?
You can compare Medicare part D prescription drug plans on the Medicare.gov website under the "Drug Coverage (Part D)" tab and clicking on the "find health & drug plans" tool. An independent agent can also help compare plans and help you enroll for a prescription drug plan that's right for you.

How  Much  Is  Health  Insurance  In  The  USA?
Expensive. You can choose different plans with varying coverages, deductibles and benefits but the bottom line is that Health Insurance is very expensive. Insurance companies are constantly trying to create products that will not only fit the public's need but are affordable. In the end health insurance is more expensive when you need it and don't have it as medical care is enough to wreck your financial life. Be creative in your quotes and try to find an affordable solution, even if you can't have all the coverages available.

Who  Offers  Whole  Life  Insurance?
Almost all of the major insurance carriers offer whole life insurance. Contact a local insurance agent in your area. If you already have homeowners or auto insurance coverage with a carrier contact them first. They may have policies available that will fit your requirments. A agent can help you decide what levels and type of coverage would be appropriate at this point in your life.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Driveways?
Your homeowners insurance policy covers damages that are caused by specific perils. While it is possible that damage to a driveway could be caused by fire or another of the covered perils, I doubt that is the point of this question. Mostdriveway difficulties arise from earth movement and that is an excluded peril in most policies.

Which  Homeowners  Insurance  Is  Best?
I really like Frank Lombards answer. I would just add that the company is important but certainly not critical. The essential elements that make a policy best are the relationship that you have with the agent and the limits that you select. You are choosing someone who you want to stand with you when the unimaginable occurs, chose well.

Which  Short  Term  Health  Insurance  Is  Best?
Short-term health insurance is the cheapest type of medical coverage available to individuals and families. Rates are typically 40%-75% less than conventional coverage, although you can not receive a federal subsidy and temporary plans are not ACA-compliant. Also, pre-existing conditions are not covered. As an experienced broker, we help consumers with their short-term policy comparisons each day. Our top-rated websites allow customers to view rates in moments, and easily apply online for coverage. Comparing and finding the cheapest prices takes less than two minutes. Typically, within 24 hours, you are approved for a period of 1-12 months, depending on which time-period you selected. Often, UnitedHealthcare, Blue Cross and a few smaller carriers offer the most competitive rates. Underwriting is simple,consisting of a short application, but no physicals and few medical questions.

What  Does  Long  Term  Disability  Insurance  Cover?
Long term disability insurance covers prolonged periods of illness and injury by generating tax free income from the benefits of the policy. Benefits do not begin until the elimination or waiting period has been satisfied. Protecting your income when you can't work is an important part of defensive planning.

How  To  Get  Blue  Cross  Health  Insurance?
Blue Cross operates under several names around the country so the exact carrier that you would be purchasing it through depends on where you live (e.g. Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield, CareFirst Blue Cross Blue Shield, etc.). You can buy the health insurance during the annual open enrollment period (starts in November this year) - if you have a qualifying event, you can purchase health insurance under a special enrollment period. I always recommend buying your health insurance through a broker as there are many products to choose from making the process of buying coverage confusing and very time consuming - insurance brokers do not charge fees for their services so you can only help yourself. If you prefer to do it on your own, you can complete the process through the health insurance exchanges via healthcare.gov. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your coverage and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Can  Health  Insurance  Companies  Raise  Your  Rates?
Health insurance companies can indeed raise your rates . . . but only if they increase rates for everyone else in your group. You can never be singled out for a rate increase due to your claims. When carriers increase rates it is because claims for everyone with the same policy class have risen to the point that premiums no longer support the claim level.

What  Is  The  Most  Affordable  Health  Insurance  In  Iowa?
There are many affordable health insurance plans in Iowa, especially since federal subsidies will become available through the Iowa Health Exchange in 2014. Open Enrollment begins in October of this year. "Bronze" plans will be the cheapest, since they have the highest out of pocket expense. If you qualify for the maximum subsidy, your premium may be much lower than you expected. As experienced brokers, we provide free online information and quotes that allow you to shop for the best health insurance prices in Iowa. Individual, family and business plans are available. Keep in mind that your age and place of residence will impact the price you pay. f you have any pre-existing conditions, the Exchange plans will provide coverage without asking medical-related questions.

Can  Life  Insurance  Be  A  Tax  Deduction?
In general terms life insurance can not be deductible personally or business. However, that being said, certain qualified plans allow for funding part of your annual plan contributions with life insurance: participating whole life insurance at 49.5% and universal life insurance at 25% of your annual contributions. You'll have to pay an economic benefit tax, but it may economically viable to consider.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Forest  Fires?
If you mean your renting a property and a forest fire comes and burns down your residence thereby destroying your property then yes, you are covered. Of course this is providing you purchased personal property coverage on your renters policy. Also note there may be limitations on certain items so you want to talk to your agent and review your coverage needs. Keep in mind, the landlord is responsible for their own property and should have coverage for the dwelling of their own.

What  Happens  If  I  Cancel  My  Universal  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Universal life policies are somewhat tricky. What happens when you cancel a universal life policy depends on when you cancel the policy. In the beginning years of a UL it has no cash value accumulated, so if you cancel during that stage nothing happens other than the policy terminates. You get no money back. In the mid range years of the policy it will likely have some cash value, so if you cancel it during that period you may receive the cash value. In the later years of a UL, unless you have kept pace with the increasing "cost of insurance", (in other words paid increasingly higher premiums), the cash value that has accumulated may be reduced by they increasing cost of insurance until there is no more cash value remaining. At that point the policy may terminate. So if you cancel the policy while it has cash value you will receive the cash value. If there is no cash value when you cancel the policy it will simply terminate.

How  Do  Life  Insurance  Companies  Test  For  Drugs?
The exact tests that are required for an exam a person will take will depend on several factors - their age, the amount of coverage they're applying for, and the carrier they're applying to. Each carrier has their own underwriting guidelines so some may have different exam requirements than others. For middle aged individuals, you will most commonly see an exam consist of 3 parts: 1) Paramedical exam - checking your height/weight, your pulse, and going through the medical questions 2) Blood Test 3) Urine Test The urine test is the primary method for testing for drugs. Markers in the blood can also show evidence of drug use. One recommendation is know which carrier and which of their programs you are going to apply for. You don't want to take an exam before completing the application process because if you apply to another carrier than you may have originally intended, you may have to complete extra testing because that 2nd carrier may have more markers they check for (therefore extra exam requirements/tests) than the other carrier. Ideally, you want to have everything in order and make sure it's right so you only have to do it once. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Can  I  Have  Two  Renters  Insurance  Policies?
While I cannot imagine why you would want two policies covering the same property you need to know that you will not be able to recover damages from both companies for the same loss. In other words you cannot double your money. I would suggest that you meet with a trusted insurance agent and secure one policy that provides adequate coverage to meet your needs.

What  Is  The  Average  Monthly  Cost  Of  Health  Insurance?
It will vary greatly due to a number of factors including; (1) current health status. How healthy are you when you apply? (2) age - younger ages tend to be less expensive (3) tobacco use- smokers pay a higher premium (4) past health history (5) location - certain areas are more expensive to have insurance than others. I would suggest you visit a brokers website and do a quote online. You will also find carriers offer various prices due to your deductible choice, coinsurance, etc.

What  Is  PPI  Auto  Insurance?
PPI is 'Payment Protection Insurance'. In addition to vehicle purchases, PPI is also purchased in mortgage and some credit situations. It ensures repayment of loans for the policyholder, in the event of illness, death, disability and unemployment. Generally, when the policyholder is unable to earn, for documented reasons like those stated above, the insuring company chosen makes payments to the lender, usually for a specific period of time. Additionally, there is usually a waiting period associated with the coverage, before payments will begin. PPI is often referred to as 'credit insurance'.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  A  Nose  Job?
Only in the event of it being medically necessary which is no small challenge to establish. You would have to have a severely deviated septum or similar condition that was seriously affecting the ability to breathe and probably to sleep. All other less invasive courses of action would almost certainly have to be exhausted first before such surgery would be approved. A nose job for cosmetic purposes would not be covered by health insurance.

What  Is  A  Normal  Deductible  For  Renters  Insurance?
There are several deductibles available for damage to personal property. In a renters policy companies will often offer deductibles as low as $100. The decision to select a low deductible should be based on your ability to sustain a small loss yourself. The larger the loss you can sustain yourself, the higher the deductible you should select. The higher the deductible you select the lower the cost of the renters policy.

How  Much  Does  VA  Health  Insurance  Cost?
You asked a very detailed and complicated question. Your first cost is, if you are a service connected veteran, was the days and months you spent in that "foxhole" or some distant country that separated you from your family and friends. However, you do not have to be "service connected" in order to obtain treatment by the VA. You can go through a "annual means" testing at VA where you are required to provide "financial details" including if you do have health insurance. Then you can also be classified as a "hardship case" by disclosing financial information and the type of treatment you need. Generally your copays are $8 for medication; outpatient copays are $15 for non=specialist and $50 for specialist. If you have to be admitted, your copay is the current year Medicare deductible which was $840 in 2003 and has been indexing each year and will be $2016 in 2014

How  Much  Does  Variable  Universal  Life  Insurance  Cost?
How much Variable Universal Life costs you depends on a number of factors, some are flexible, some are not. Universal life is a complex product that unbundles the components of a whole life policy to provide you with more control and flexibility. The basic building blocks are cost of insurance, expense charges and investment earnings. There are a number of death benefit options available which affect the cost of insurance. For example you can have a level death benefit or level insurance plus cash value. The cost of insurance can be annually increasing for life, annual increasing then paid up at 85, level and a number of other options that vary by company. The expense portion of the premium is stated in the policy. Some expenses are fixed and guaranteed others are variable so you would need to refer to the policy for details. In Canada, the earnings inside a universal life policy are always expressed as interest. Some policies have 400+ investment options that, in addition to Guaranteed Interest, can mirror the performance (positive or negative) of a variety of mutual funds in a tax preferred environment. I say mirror, because you do not actually own units in the particular mutual fund, just the performance. In Canada, the total maximum premium to keep the policy exempt for accrual taxation is set by the government. This provides you with flexibility, it is important that you understand that if the the policy is underfunded it could go out of force. The policy needs to be managed. So how much does Variable Universal Life Cost? It depends. An independent life insurance broker, representing several companies, can help you find the right policy at the right price. If you have further question, or feel tat I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.

What  Kind  Of  Retirement  Plan  Is  Trs?
What kind of retirement plan is TRS? A quick search reveals that TRS is short for teachers retirement system. These are state sponsored plans set up to provide retirement benefits for public school educators in their respective states. The plans themselves may be different in each state as well as different within each state as plans are altered at times for new hires. For example in my state there are currently three plans in action for the teachers retirement. The first was closed to new hires in 1977 and has about a 1000 teachers still working. The second was closed about a decade ago and is very different from the first and the third is still different from 1 or 2. I expect a fourth to be introduced in the next 5 years.

What  Does  A  Medigap  Policy  Cost?
Medigap premiums are determined based on the plan you select, your age, gender and zip code. Most carriers also surcharge for tobacco use and some will charge a higher rate if you are obese. All plans with the same letter are identical in every way except cost. When you pay more you don't get more, you simply paid too much.

How  To  Evaluate  Life  Insurance  Companies?
A lot of it depends on personal preference and what your concerns are. If you want to make sure it's with a top-rated company who is financially strong and stable, you want to look at what their rating is (e.g. A.M. Best ratings: A, A+, and A++ indicate superior financial ratings). If you're looking at permanent, long-term coverage, you may want to look at the most stable companies because you want them to be there for the next 50, 60, 70, years. If you're only looking for a 10-year term insurance policy, you may be willing to look at a company with less favorable numbers because their rates are cheaper. It can also be helpful to look into reviews that people say about the company - positive aspects, any major continuous issues with claims, etc.? The other major thing that everyone looks at is pricing - your premiums that you pay. There's no one company that offers the "best" life insurance policy. The carrier that's going to offer the best rates for you may not be the carrier the offers the best rates for someone else. This is because people may qualify for different risk classes (one of the single-most critical things to think about with coverage), they may be looking to secure a different amount of coverage, keep the coverage for a different length of time, or may live in a different state (not every product from every carrier is available in every state). All of these factors go into the calculation of rates. You'll want to consult with an independent life insurance agent/broker who can compare multiple companies and make sure that the policy you apply for is best serving the desired needs that you want to have the coverage in place to protect.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Drainage?
Home insurance covers damages. An all risk homeowners policy covers many perils, however it specifically excludes some. Among these exclusions in most policies is earth movement and intrusion of water from outside the residence. Homeowners insurance does not cover wear and tear to any component of the house, including the drainage. For example, if a drainage pipe were damaged in a fire, it would be covered. If the same pipe failed, it probably would not be covered. Incidentally the damage caused by the failed drainage pipe might be covered.

Can  I  Get  Health  Insurance  If  I  Donate  A  Kidney?
Yes, you can still get health insurance. The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) requirements that do away with medical underwriting and make policies guaranteed to be issued and prohibit pre-existing condition exclusions, rate-ups and/or waiting periods from being applied to health insurance policies should guarantee you access to coverage. Having donated an organ or being on a waiting list to donate an organ cannot be taken into consideration.

What  Should  I  Be  Paying  For  Renters  Insurance?
The amount that you pay for renters insurance could vary greatly based on the many factors that are used to determine your premium for this coverage. Based on my experience within my geographic location for ten thousand dollars worth of coverage you will pay approximately seven to ten dollars per month. If you have your auto and renters insurance with the same carrier you may also be eligible for discounts on your policy premiums.

How  Old  Do  I  Need  To  Be  To  Get  Critical  Illness  Insurance?
Some carriers will issue critical illness policies on children, but usually only as a dependent, not the primary insured. As a general rule anyone age 19 or older can apply for a critical illness policy. Not all critical illness policies are alike. Be sure to get one that is health insurance, and not a rider to a life insurance plan.

What  Is  A  Good  Estimate  For  Homeowners  Insurance?
Great question. A home insurance policy cost on average about $300-$900 a year. It also depends on a multible factors such as your home location. The age of your home. And some companies check your insurance score to determine price. Good Luck you may also want to call your local independent agent for a quote.

Is  It  Legal  To  Not  Have  Homeowners  Insurance?
Yes it is legal not to have homeowners insurance. If you have no lender to satisfy then it is in within your right to self insurance your property. If you feel you can handle any potential loss on your home by all means feel free. Keep in mind should you decide down the road to get insurance again and you have gone without referred to as a lapse or gap in coverage you will find potential challenges in obtaining coverage's again as insurance carriers use this as part of their underwriting criteria.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Dental  In  Colorado?
Medicare does not cover dental care in Colorado, as a rule. Only if the oral care is needed to treat another general health condition, or to prepare the mouth for treatments involved in treating another general health condition, is dental treatment covered by Medicare in Colorado or the other 49 states.

What  Happens  To  My  Variable  Annuity  If  I  Die?
All annuities are legal contracts. A feature of an annuity is that it designates a beneficiary. As an annuitant you select who any money owed you should be sent upon your death. Reviewing these designations is extremely important. If your beneficiary and contingent beneficiary predecease you, proceeds will then be paid into your estate and distributed by the probate court.

Is  Carpenter  Ant  Damage  Covered  By  Homeowners  Insurance?
A standard homeowners policy contains exclusions. One of the normal exclusions is for damage to the building and/or the contents caused by birds, vermin, rodents, insects or domestic animals. Carpenter ants are insects. However, the policy will often pay for collapse of a building or a part of a building caused by hidden insect or vermin damage. This isnt talking about settling, or cracking.

Is  Long  Term  Disability  Insurance  Necessary?
Is long term disability necessary? Again these kind of questions fall to individual and what they need. Again Disability insurance is income insurance. If your income is not effected by being unable to work (passive income) then a Long Term Disability policy may not be necessary. How long could your disability be? Who knows? it hasn't happened yet. Figuring how long you want coverage to run or what options you want is a risk that you decide. Carrying no risk is really expensive, no doubt about that. Carrying some risk, will cost a few dollars as well. Assuming all risk may work for a person too, but.. if it doesn't well this where you read about people losing everything. Insurance is sharing risk with another entity. How much and how long is up to you.

Is  A  401K  A  Retirement  Plan?
A 401(k) is a qualified defined contribution plan under ERISA, The Employment Retirement Income Act of 1974. It allows for contributions pretax and some employers offer contribution matches. The accounts accumulates tax deferred and are taxed as ordinary income at distributions. Those distributions are included in the provisional income test for Social Security taxation.

Which  Insurance  Company  Is  The  Cheapest  For  Auto?
The cheapest auto policy is the one that pays your claim to maximum extent possible. That means that the policy is in force and has adequate limits. You can choose reduced coverage and suffer a great expense at the time of claim. You want to be restored and back on the road as quickly as possible. That is the definition of a cheap auto policy.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Arson?
Fire is a covered peril in every homeowners policy. This is the most basic coverage available. If the fire is accidentally caused by the tenant it is covered. If the owner purposely burns down their insured property they are committing a crime. Even under those circumstances coverage might be extended to another insured.

How  To  Shop  For  Cheap  Car  Insurance?
"Cheap auto insurance" can mean acceptance of low liability limits, to keep the price down. The possible repercussions need to be considered seriously in any State. Think about the exposure you have when you drive, especially if and when you have an accident that is your fault. For example, you (or a family member) could have an at-fault accident that damages a very expensive vehicle or vehicles and also causes an injury to the other driver and maybe one or more of the passengers. If you have purchased low (cheap?) limits of liability and you are sued, you could be facing the loss of personal assets, if a sizable judgement is assessed against you. Talk to several agents about this.

Is  Life  Insurance  Exempt  From  Creditors?
If the creditor is going after money owed by the insured person who passed away, the life insurance is exempt from creditors if the beneficiary of the policy was a person. Creditors cannot take the life insurance proceeds from a beneficiary unless the beneficiary co-signed the debt with the insured person, or has debts of their own for which creditors are seeking payment.

What  Is  The  Best  Medicare  Option?
Medicare Part A is automatic once you turn age 65. Medicare Part B is also an automatic enrollment unless you opt out or choose to delay your coverage. Beyond that your choice is to keep traditional Medicare (Part A and Part B) and purchase a Medicare supplement plan, or enroll in a Medicare Advantage plan. Advantage plans are a form of privatized Medicare that is managed by insurance carriers.

Does  My  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Hit  Run?
If you have full coverage on your auto policy. A hit and run accident would be covered under collision coverage for a typical auto policy. You will incur the the deductible for your policy unless the party responsible for the accident is found. If the responsible party is found then your insurance company will attempt to recover the amount of the loss and your deductilble from that party. Always remember every policy is different. It is always recommended to read your policy completely to know your exact coverages or to call your local agent to discuss any questions that you may have regarding your policy.

How  much  is  health  insurance  for  a  family  of  3?
Florida participates in Obamacare Health Insurance Marketplace. Under that system, here's what drives the price: # of people in household and their age, total income of those people, and the county they live in. It's best to have an agent run the numbers for you. They can guide you to coverage and plans that meet your needs. If your family is lower income, you may find that the cost is ZERO!

Does  Number  Of  Car  Doors  Affect  Insurance?
The number of car doors can indeed impact what you pay for your car insurance rates. There are specific models where a four-door rate will be different than a two-door rate. This could be because of cost, crash test results or other data the insurer gathers. It does not impact all vehicles but just selected models.

Who  Regulates  Long-Term  Care  Insurance  In  Oregon?
Long-Term Care Insurance in Oregon is regulated by the Oregon Insurance Division, based in Salem, Oregon, the nation's capitol. The state's Insurance Division administers their Insurance Code to make sure that Long Term Care Insurance meets the standards they have set. This pamphlet is helpful for becoming acquainted with the regulations for Long Term Care Insurance in Oregon: WEBSITELINK

Are  Bed  Bugs  Covered  By  Geico  Renters  Insurance?
I can't specifically speak for Geico because I don't represent them and I haven't read their policies. I can however, speak from 22 years in this business as both a captive and an independent agent with many years of advanced education. There are usually two coverage forms that are used in renters policies, Broad Form and Special Form. Broad Form lists which perils you're property is insured against and insects are not one of them. Special Form covers everything except what's excluded and insects are excluded so, in general, no, bed bugs would not be covered. The fact that this question had to be posed here is testament to why you need a good agent. A good agent would be able to answer such a question and, if he/she couldn't, they could find out and would get back to you quickly. Be smart, find an agent you can trust. Even if they cost a little more, they'll save you big dollars in the long run.

What  Does  Disability  Employee  Mean?
Disability employee could mean an employee that has a disability. Or it could be an employee of a disability insurance company. Or it could be someone who manages disability plans for a business. It is not a common term and the meaning would depend on the context in which it is used.

Is  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  A  Good  Idea?
Long term care insurance is a good idea if you have an estate to protect. Nursing home costs are very high and you will be required to liquidate assets in order to pay for them. If you have a long term care policy, the policy will pay those costs.

Which  Health  Insurance  Is  Best?
What health insurance is the best for you? This question is asked daily so I'll answer it accurately and quite briefly. It depends on various factors, including your age, your zip code, the type of plan you want or need, and your household income. A licensed broker can quickly compare plans and maximize your subsidy so you are paying the lowest prices.

What  Should  I  Pay  For  Renters  Insurance?
I just wrote a renters policy and the annual premium was $92/ year. While that is on the low side, it does illustrate that the cost of a renters policy is not significant. However the cost of not having a renters policy can be significant. A lawsuit can bankrupts you. A fire can destroy everything that you own. If you are forced to move out you might find that alternative housing is significantly more expensive.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Elective  C-Sections?
Based on my 32 years of experience as a broker, I do not believe that an elective C-Section is covered by a standard individual or private health insurance plan. I am assuming that the normal vaginal delivery was recommended and deemed safe for the expectant mother and the attending physician did NOT recommend the C-Section.

What  Does  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Not  Cover?
Long-term care insurance benefits do not cover acute medical problems, but rather addresses chronic medical situations. Acute medical problems would include such things as a broken arm or abdominal surgery. Major medical, Medicare, and Medicaid would be sources of insurance coverage for those events. Chronic medical problems involve conditionsfrom whicha person is not likely to ever recover. Such conditions might include multiple sclerosis, Alzheimer's disease, osteoporosis, or auto-immune diseases. Just having a chronic disease or condition does not necessarily trigger the payment of benefits from a long-term care policy, however. One must be medically certified by a health care professional that there is an inability to perform at least two of six specified daily activities (such as getting dressed, feeding oneself, etc.), or having been diagnosed with a cognitive impairment. Long-term care insurance will not pay for medical costs of a chronic condition if a person can successfully get around and take care of themselves.

Can  I  Get  Health  Insurance  With  A  Pre  Existing  Condition  In  New  Hampshire?
Under the Afforable Care Act, you cannot be declined for health insurance due to a pre-existing condition or other health-related issue. You have the option to secure a bronze, silver, gold, or platinum level plan - please note, not every carrier offers a plan under each level (e.g. company XYZ may only offer bronze, silver, and gold plans, but not platinum plans). Individuals under age 30 also have the option of securing a catastrophic plan. If you qualify for a subsidy, you would want to look into plans ON the health insurance exchanges. If you don't qualify for one, you may want to look into plans OFF the exchanges as you will generally have more options available to you. I always recommend consulting with an experienced broker if you're looking for coverage or want to review your existing insurance to see if a better option is available. Insurance brokers have an in-depth knowledge of products from many different carriers and can help you determine the plan that's going to best serve your needs and your budget. Please let me know if I can be of further assistance. Thanks very much.

Can  You  Cash  Out  Of  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Yes, if the life insurance has cash value (such as Whole Life or Universal Life) you can surrender the policy for cash value. In the first years of the policy there will be a surrender charge that comes out of the cash value. In Term life, there is no cash value so you simply drop the policy by stopping payments.

Is  Medicare  Pay  As  You  Go?
Medicare part A which covers medical expenses resulting from hospital services is financed by payroll taxes on workers in employment covered by OASDI(Old-Age, Survivors, And Disability Insurance) on a pay as you go basis. Medicare part B which covers partial reimbursement for the cost of physician services, diagnostic tests, ambulance services, prosthetic devices, physical therapy, medical equipment, and home health services is funded primarily through the premiums of those enrolled and is not "pay as you go".

Can  I  Buy  Health  Insurance  Just  For  My  Child?
You can buy health insurance for just your child. Rates will be very inexpensive, unless there are major health conditions. Coverage may be limited since many carriers only issue short-term plans on child-only policies. However, beginning in October, Open Enrollment for 2014 plans will begin and many more options will become available. An experienced broker can help you select the best plan at the most affordable price.

How  Are  Variable  Annuities  Valued?
Variable annuities use a general account for guaranteed interest and separate accounts for equity and bond instruments. There are charges and fees associated with variable annuities, like most security products. Those fees must be satisfied before the earnings, if any, are applied to the remaining cash values. Keep in mind that you could lose money, still pay fees and may be subject to surrender charges from liquidation.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Water  Damage  From  Rain?
The damage to the building its self would be covered b y the owner of the building but the damage to your belonging should be covered under your renters policy. Less your deductible. Unless it is exclude on your policy there should be converge for this type of damage. Read through your exclusions or talk to your agent or your carrier They should be able to tell you what is excluded.

Which  Company  Has  The  Cheapest  Car  Insurance?
I have been selling auto insurance for 23 years andi can tell you, they all do. It really depends on your circumstances. I have worked for two captive companies and now I sell for manydifferent companies. Many things going into determining your price. Your driving record, your credit, how many cars you own, your age, what kind of car, the coverage you choose, how long you have been insured with the same company. It is good to shop around, but it is also good to stay with the same company for at least 3-5 years to get the bestprice the next time your shop. Call at least 3 for quotes.

Is  Globe  Life  Insurance  Legitimate?
Globe Life Insurance is a small 3 billion asset life insurance company with ratings from the following rating services. A.M. Best (Best's Rating, 15 ratings) A+ (2), Standard & Poor's (Financial Strength, 20 ratings) AA- (4), Moody's (Financial Strength, 21 ratings), Fitch Ratings (Financial Strength, 21 ratings) A+ (5), Comdex Ranking (Percentile in Rated Companies) 92 Asset Analysis as of July 3, 2013.

Can  An  Employer  Cancel  Health  Insurance  While  An  Employee  Is  On  Disability?
Yes your employer can cancel your health insurance while on disability. There are two key laws that may protect your rights while you are unable to work. The Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA) requires that employers continue to provide health insurance coverage on the same basis as if the employee was working. These protections last for twelve weeks, so your employer could cancel your coverage after this time. The FMLA applies only to businesses with 50 or more employees, and employees working a specified number of hours. If you are not eligible for FMLA, your employer could cancel your policy at any time. COBRA allows for employees to continue coverage for up to 18 months. If you employer cancels your policy, you can keep it in force by making the premiums payments yourself. You would lose the employer contribution, and the advantages of pre tax elections for your contribution.

What  Is  Coinsurance  On  A  Health  Insurance  Plan?
Coinsurance is the amount of the bill you share with the insurance company, typically after your deductible has been satisfied. Most commonly you will see this as 80/20 (can be 50/50, 70/30, 90/10 and 100/0), whereas the insurance company pays 80% and you pay 20%. Your portion will be capped. This is known as Maximum out of Pocket.

How  Long  Does  It  Take  For  A  Car  Insurance  Claim?
According to JD Power and Associates the average time to process an auto insurance claim is 14 days. Keep in mind that this is the average and certain circumstances regarding any specific claim may cause the claim to take less or more time.

Why  Do  I  Need  Universal  Life  Insurance?
You may not need Universal Life Insurance. If you have a temporary need and want a large policy for the lowest possible price, Term Life Insurance would probably work best. If you want a small final expense policy, Whole Life is easiest to get, and comes in the smallest face amounts. Where you may choose Universal Life is if you want a low cost permanent product of a substantial face amount but with little to no cash value (GUL), or if you want to use your life insurance as a type of investment along with death benefit (VUL or IUL).

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  A  Toilet  Overflow?
I would have to say that in most cases it would not. Depending on the circumstances that caused the overflow in first place will be a big part of the decision of whether or not a loss like this is covered. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Why  Is  Car  Insurance  Expensive  For  Young  Drivers?
Insurance rates are based in large part on experience and driving record. In fact this is who the entire insurance industry operates. There is not questions anewlylicensedoperatorlacks the experience to make the rightdecisionsin certain situations. The insurance industriesexperienceand even my own as an agent show that newly licensed or youthful operator are involved in more accidents. This is why the rates are higher then a driver who has more successful years on the road.

Is  Long  Term  Health  Insurance  A  Good  Idea?
Long-term care insurance is probably not a great choice for the very wealthy or the very poor. The very wealthy can self-insure and the very poor would be strapped by the premiums. But for most of middle America, the very reail probability of needing long-term care at some point in their lives, and the very high cost of that care warrants very serious consideration of having a plan of long-term care a part of their portfolio. Medicare pays very little of the cost. Medicaid pays none of the cost if you have assets. And the stresses placed on family to provide that care when it can't be paid for are devastating. Talk to a long-term care insurance professional. And check out "A Shopper's Guide to Long-Term Care Insurance" at WEBSITELINK

Will  Car  Insurance  Cover  Car  Seat?
Car insurance will, for the most part, cover for physical loss or damage to your car for a fairly wide rage of causes. This is, however, for the most part limited to the car as it came off the manufacturer's line including any components that are permanently installed. So, if your car has a car seat that was permanently installed by the manufacturer, then it would be covered as part of the car. If, however, as in most cases, it is portable and installed by use of the belt system, then the car policy would provide no coverage. You would, however find coverage for it as personal property under your Homeowners, Condo Unit Owners' or Rental Insurance policy.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Lost  Food  During  A  Power  Outage?
Renters insurance like homeowners insurance will typically provide some coverage for food loss due to interruption of electrical service or mechanical breakdown. The dollar amounts of this coverage canvary from company or policy to policy. Always read over your policy completely to know what coverages it provides or call your local agent to discuss the specific coverages offered in your policy.

Why  Do  They  Draw  Blood  For  Life  Insurance?
Life insurance is a mortality product priced on the actuarial assumptions of life expectancy. Testing several blood indicators can establish a baseline of underwriting debits or credits that are calculated in determining an offer. A Blood panel is created to with basic norms in the blood analysis report that the proposed insured can obtain upon request.

How  Much  Is  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Life insurance pricing is determined by age, health and type of policy. The cost is called your premium. Charges for insurance are different than costs. There are also two person policies called survivorship life insurance which reduces thecostsof a one person policy with the same insurance benefit. But your health, your age and the type of polciy you buy determine your premium and thus your cost.

Is  Life  Insurance  Taxed  In  Texas?
Life insurance in Texas is not taxed for income tax, in most situations. Life insurance proceeds do fall under the value of the estate if the policy owner is the deceased, and the one with the estate. If his/her spouse is no longer alive, federal estate taxes will be charged on the excess about the exempted amount, which is $5,250,000 in 2013. Texas does not have a state estate tax at this time.

Is  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  The  Same  As  Life  Insurance?
Long Term Care Insurance pays for bills incurred by the extended need for health care and/or assistance when people become unable to take care of themselves due to chronic illness or advanced age. Long Term Care benefit payments are made to them while they are still alive, so that they can pay their medical/housing bills. Or the payments go directly to the providers of such care (usually, a nursing home). When the insured person passes, the need for the coverage and the policy payments end. Life Insurance pays the death benefit when the insured person passes away The face amount of the Life Insurance policy is paid to the beneficiary rather than the Insured person. However, some life insurance policies do have riders or living benefits that allow part of the face amount to be used while the Insured is alive but terminally ill, unable to care for themselves, or a few other reasons. These hybrid policies can cover both purposes.

What  Company  Has  The  Cheapest  Homeowners  Insurance?
Cheapest Homeowners Insurance? One must be cautious when proceeding; the term may be frightening to many! What will you be missing by finding the 'Cheapest Homeowners Insurance'? Will the carrier not include some necessary endorsements rendering the policy useless should you have a related claim? If you are qualified to compare one policy with another, you may wish to contact 10 companies and obtain a quote. Insurance carriers file their rates based on prior experience specific to each zip code. It is impossible to say which carrier has the cheapest rates without having a specific zip code. If you don't feel that you are qualified to compare policies, you should contact a qualified brokerage who will have access to multiple companies and will be able to give you exactly what you want. If you are truly looking for the 'cheapest premium', we recommend purchasing the best policy and then adjusting the deductible upwards to match the premium you wish to pay. This way, you'll accept a little risk but be properly insured without taking any short cuts. For assistance in California, Arizona & Nevada; you may click on: WEBSITELINK For other States, you should search for a brokerage house that doesn't charge any fees and places you directly with major carriers; this is the best way to get access to many companies and only speak with one individual.

Does  My  Employer  Have  To  Offer  Health  Insurance  In  Nevada?
Currently in Nevada it is not required for an employer to offer health insurance to its employees. If you are looking at getting health insurance because your employer does not offer it at this time you can visit this site WEBSITELINK to get quotes for health insurance companies here in Nevada.

Does  AAA  Provide  Renters  Insurance?
AAA does indeed offer house, apartment and condo insurance. They also include a 10% discount on premiums if you are a AA member. Typically, renters insurance policies are the cheapest form of property coverage since the actual dwelling where you live, is not covered by you. However, you would have liability coverage included in your policy along with other benefits,including reimbursement if you had to temporarily move elsewhere because of a specific covered claim.

How  To  Get  Public  Health  Insurance?
Public health insurance (through government sources) is available if you qualify. Typically, it is based on income and perhaps other qualifications. Contacting your local Medicaid office is a great start to see if you meet their guidelines. If you don't, they can refer you to a program that could assist you.

Where  Are  Premiums  From  Fixed  Annuities  Invested?
Life and annuity companies generally purchase investment grade government bonds as their dominant portfolio position. Similar to a bank, an insurance company attempts to generate a return from their portfolio, keep a portion of that return for their profit margin and pass on the rest to it's policy holder.

Where  Can  You  Rollover  A  401K?
A 401k can be rolled over at most any bank, insurance, investment, financial firm in the country. The type of investment or annuity vehicle is actually the choice you must understand.That vehicle will get you different types of return on your money. Its very important to research where the 401k is rolled over which notifies the IRS or the rollover so it is not taxable.

Will  Companies  Drop  Health  Insurance  Because  Of  Obamacare?
No, statistically around 99% large companies in the US (200+ employees) offer health benefits, about 96% of medium companies (50-199 employees) offer health benefits, and about 92% of small companies (<49 employees) offer health benefits. There may be a significant impact on the small employer statistics as state and federal exchanges become available. However I can confidently say that any such statistical shift in the small employer health benefits market will most likely be a short term (perhaps 3-5 year) variation that will in time reflect a very small impact in the % of small businesses offering health benefits. The complex structuring options and technical details will render the small business exchanges as effective at delivering optimal results as online tax software is in helping someone who is not well versed in accounting manage pay-roll and state/federal tax obligations/deductions. Also the businesses who do not provide meaningful benefit programs to their employees will find it hard to compete with the other companies who are able to leverage such programs to provide them with a distinct competitive advantage. That being said the exchanges will revolutionize the marketplace of individual health insurance policies.

Can  Your  Homeowners  Insurance  Drop  You?
Your insurance carrier can at their discretion terminate your coverage typically with at least 14 days notice to allow you to secure coverage with another carrier. If you have had numerous or large dollar amount claims within your history with the carrier they may decide that your homeowners coverage is not a risk they are willing to accept any longer.

What  Is  Medicare  Supplement  Plan  J?
I found your question to be really interesting. In some states Plan J has been discontiued. In researching your question I found an "advisor" on line that emphatically states, " if you still have this type of policy you should change". Then it appears that the Plan J policy has a $2000 deductible that has to be paid before any benefits are paid. If this policy has a $2000 deductible then I tend to agree with the "on-line advisor" and you need to change to a policy that is more commonly sold by the main line companies involved in the medicare supplement business

What  Kind  Of  Retirement  Plan  Is  Best?
The first step is to establish what your effective tax bracket is to determine if you should set up a qualified or non qualified plan. If your tax bracket is low, the deduction may not be as valuable in a qualified plan as the flexibility of a non qualified plan. You also want to assess your risk tolerance to help you select suitable investments that meet your financial profile. Another consideration is whether to set an individual plan or participate with a plan at work. Some employers match portions of your contributions, so it's important to thoroughly examine your options.

Is  Medical  Insurance  Mandatory?
Starting in 2014 the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act or Obamacare requires every American to have health care. You may not have to pay for health care in you economically demonstrate you cannot pay by means testing. If you elect not to pay for health care, and by means testing can pay, youll be assessed a penalty at the time of filing your taxes.

When  Can  You  Cancel  Homeowners  Insurance?
You can cancel homeowner's insurance at any time. You simply notify your existing insurance company and indicate the date that you wish to terminate coverage. However, if you have an existing mortgage, your loan company may have something to say about the termination of the mortgage. And under the terms of the loan, you may not be able to end your policy without some ramifications.

Does  Auto  Insurance  Decrease  At  Age  25?
Auto insurance policies typically have a reduced rating classification for drivers at the renewal following their 25th birthday. This primarily adjusts the rating from a previously youthful class to an adult class, and usually comes out to be a slightly lower rate than before. Depending on the company, there are a few other ways to get adult classification, for example if you were married.

How  To  Get  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  On  Someone  Else?
In order to purchase life insurance on another party, there are a few things that must happen first. One is there must be an insurable interest. This means that you must sustain a financial loss of income or debt in order to have an insurable interest. Second, the person must be willing to take out the life insurance policy. You may be the owner and payer but they will be the insured. They must go through underwriting for health, life style, income, etc.

Where  Do  Annuities  Invest?
Life insurance companies primarily purchase investment grade government bonds, i.e. class I and II. Some companies use indices as their crediting method using indexed options. Other companies use separate sub account crediting methods linked to equity and bond instruments that are not part of the company's general account.

Who  Is  The  Guarantor  On  Health  Insurance?
Your question does not have an easy or simple answer. When you receive treatment from a medical provider you accept financial responsibility for claims not paid by your health insurance carrier. The health insurance company is a guarantor of sorts (if you have a fully insured plan) but there may also be other carriers backing them up. With self funded health insurance your employer or union is the guarantor and they may have reinsurance in place to back them.

Will  My  Health  Insurance  Work  In  Europe?
Excellent question! You should check the basic terms of coverage in your health insurance policy and a call to customer service might not be a bad idea. As with everything else in health insurance these days, things are changing rapidly. It comes as a surprise to many people that their individual or group health insurance may not provide coverage outside of the United States. Internal policies vary between health insurance carriers and they could even vary depending upon your employer and whether they have designed such coverage into their group health plan. You would be safest to start out with the assumption that you are not covered and that you would want to purchase a specialty policy to cover you during the term of visit outside of the UnitedStates. The length and purpose of your stay may also have a bearing on your coverage. Going to Bermuda for two weeks on vacation may be viewed far differently than going on a 6-month mission to Nigeria for example. An insurance broker or travel agent should be able to tell you more about these policies.

How  To  Bury  Someone  With  No  Life  Insurance?
It is a challenge to come up with the money to bury someone who does not have life insurance or cash saved up for that event. Even with good intentions, savings can become depleted, putting family and friends in a difficult position. Most of the clients we've had who have been involved in that type of situation, said they have taken up a collection among the family to bury their deceased relative. However, there are a few sources where you can help supplement funeral and burial costs. Social Security will pay a lump sum of $255 for a funeral if the deceased person qualified for SS benefits. Veterans can be buried for free in one of the nation's 131 national cemeteries, and there are burial funds available for some eligible veterans. Read the criteria for receiving these benefits here:h WEBSITELINK Funeral homes like to be paid quickly, but you could reimburse those who donated after holding a sale of the deceased person's belongings. Or perhaps memorials given could be applied toward the burial costs. Keep in mind that you can take out a policy on a parent, grandparent or other person for whom the costs of burial might fall on your shoulders. They just have to agree to and sign the policy. Perhaps if they understand the hardship being uninsured can put on their loved ones, they might consent to taking this step.

Does  Your  Insurance  Cover  A  Car  You  Just  Bought?
This will depend on if it is an additional vehicle or a replacement vehicle and how your policy treats replacement and/or additional vehicles. Only a reading of your policy can provide you with the specifics. Some policies automatically extend liability coverages to additional vehicles for a specified period of time. Some policies may provide physical damage coverage for a limited time.There is really no way to tell without referring to your contract of insurance. A competent knowledgeable agent or broker should be able to do this for you.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Ice  Damage?
If your residence is damaged because of the weight of accumulated ice, snow or sleet, you can expect payment under most homeowners policies. That does not hold true for a swimming pool, as that is an excluded peril. As a homeowner you should do all you can to stop accumulated ice from damaging your home.

How  To  Appeal  A  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Denial?
To appeal a Long Term Care Insurance denial or Life Insurance denial, you must first find out the reason for the denial. It may simply be that the company was unable to secure a certain set of medical records, and thus could not make a decision based on lack of information. You might be able to track down those medical records and be able to be approved. Or, your medical records or MIB may state your health in a mistaken way. You may be able to do additional testing to disprove that, or get an informative letter from your doctor stating the correct information. This can be submitted directly to the underwriter and/or to the MIB to get your information there corrected.

Does  Medicare  Part  A  Cover  Ambulance  Service?
Ambulance services would be covered under Medicare Part B, not Part A - the ambulance services would be covered in emergency situations and other means of transportation are unavailable/endanger the health of the individual.The ambulance must take you to the nearest medical facility (generally a hospital) that can provide you care. In some instances, you may be able to get covered ambulance transportation in a non-emergency situation if you meet certain conditions (e.g. your doctor deems its medically necessary, traveling to a medical facility by other means would put your health at risk - you may want to check with Medicare to get full specifics on what conditions are required to be covered in a non-emergency setting where transportation by ambulance is needed). Please feel free to contact me if you have any otherquestions. Thanks very much.

What  Illnesses  Are  Covered  By  Critical  Illness  Insurance?
It depends on the policy, but here are a few of the more common ones. Heart attack, stroke, cancer (internal and some skin cancers), ALS, MS, kidney failure, Parkinson's, blindness. Each policy is different both in terms of what is covered and the definition. Always buy a health insurance policy not a life policy with a rider.

How  Important  Is  Homeowners  Insurance?
That's a great question! Let's answer it this way: How would you be financially if you purchase your home, take out a big mortgage to pay for it, buy new furniture and appliances to fill the house, get all of your belongings in it, and then it catches fire and is gone? Would you be able to start from scratch and repay the mortgage? Or how about if a visitor fell down some steps in your home, and had to be hospitalized. Would you be able to pay the bills and possible law suit damages that you are liable for? These are two really good reasons why homeowners is important, and most lenders will not sign off on your mortgage unless their investment is protected somehow. I hope that helps you decide to insure your home. Thank you for asking!

How  Much  Is  Health  Insurance  With  Obamacare?
In addition to Jason's excellent and accurate answer above...the cost to the insured may be lower than the total premium if they qualify for an advanced premium tax credit and decide to take it. If they qualify for the subsidy and don't take it in advance they will still receive the money in the form of a tax refund the following year. A large portion of the countries population qualified for tax credits this year and reduced their overall premiums significantly. It's vital to work with a marketplace certified and experienced health insurance agent to help you navigate these areas.

How  Much  Does  Plan  B  Medicare  Cost?
The cost of plan B will vary depending on your age, gender, zip code, tobacco use, height and weight (some carriers use this) and the carrier you pick. Medicare Part B (if this is your question) is $105 per month for 2013. Only a few carriers offer Medicare supplement plan B. It is not very popular.

What  Is  The  Best  Supplemental  Insurance  To  Have  With  Medicare?
The "best" supplement may be a different Medicare supplement (Medigap) plan for each plan (e.g. plan F may be most appropriate for person ABC and plan N may be most appropriate for person XYZ) as everyone has their own needs, budgets, and other factors. Plan F is the most comprehensive plan and creates the most predictable expense structure for an insured, however, it also features the highest premiums.

Does  Term  Life  Insurance  Expire?
I know of some folks who bought 5 year term and still are paying after 9 years to keep it. That is just silly because the rates go up to be ridiculous. The smart thing to do is to get another term policy if you can, at least for 5 years more, and hopefully convert it during that time to whole life where the rates never go up. You need to talk with a professional. Call please. Gary Lane, Registered Representative, New York Life, 949 797 2424. Thank you.

Is  There  A  Deductible  On  Renters  Insurance?
There is no deductible on Section II of your Renters Insurance Policy; Section II applies to Personal Liability and Medical Payments to Others, both of which do not require a deductible. If you are purchasing Renters Insurance primarily to provide Personal Liability coverage required by your landlord or simply for the personal protection of your assets from a liability exposure, you will be best served by purchasing a policy with the maximum available deductible. The lowest renters insurance policy premium will be generated by selecting the maximum deductible amount on the policy; however, the deductible only applies to the Personal Contents (physical loss). It is important to review your policy as there are variations from State to State; however, Renters Insurance is referred to as a Homeowners Form HO-4 or Renters Form. In most geographic areas, Stillwater Insurance generates the lowest premium for this type of coverage and the policy is available online. You may obtain a Free Renters Insurance Quote and Buy your Renters Insurance Policy Online at: WEBSITELINK Stillwater Insurance, formerly Fidelity National Insurance Group, is an admitted carrier, authorized and licensed in all 50 States.

What  Is  An  Average  Cost  For  Renters  Insurance?
Great question! The cost of your policy can vary based on a lot of things. The size and age of the apartment complex, what the crime rates are around it, and where it is located (City/state/zip code) as well as the size of your family and the estimated cost of your belongings. I'd recommend going online for price comparisons, or contacting an agent who can help you find a policy for you. I'd be happy to help if you need, feel free to contact me. Thanks for asking!

What  Are  Annuities  Paying  Right  Now?
That is a complex question, if you defer payments even just a few years you can get an income rider that will pay out for your entire lifetime. Growth rates depend on whether it is a fixed annuity, or indexed, if it is lifetime payout, there is a table based on the age you begin distributions. Every year you defer income you get a larger % payout. Fixed annuities are paying 1-2%, deferred indexed annuities can come with income riders of 4-10%. Once distributions begin the income riders usually go away, but some products allow you to take income, while allowing the remaining funds to continue to grow. These new lifetime withdraws, are not Annuitizing, & allow any funds to be passed on to beneficiaries. Also many annuities now have a rider that doubles, or triples the account value, if you need to go into a nursing home. If your account value reaches zero, & you leave the nursing home. Your lifetime income continue at the same level as prior to going into the nursing home.

Can  Health  Insurance  Be  Denied  For  Pre  Existing  Condition?
No and yes. Under the requirements of the Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) anyone applying for major medical health insurance coverage after January 1, 2014 cannot be denied coverage for a pre-existing health condition. Insurance coverage is guaranteed to be issued and must cover pre-existing conditions immediately. However, this does require that you enroll for individual health insurance coverage during the mandated open enrollment period which for 2014 ended on March 31st. If you failed to enroll during the open enrollment period then you cannot apply for major medical insurance coverage until the next open enrollment period which begins on November 15th for an effective date of coverage of January 1, 2015 at the earliest. The only exceptions to this part of the law are for what are referred to as "Change of Life Status Events" such as marriage, divorce, losing other health insurance coverage, or having or adopting a child (as the most common examples). For the remainder of 2014 the only options available to persons who failed to enroll during the open enrollment period would be Short Term Medical insurance or perhaps a limited benefit/indemnity policy. However, these policies do still have some underwriting question associated with them that could result in your being declined for coverage. Also, these types of health plans do not cover pre-existing health conditions and do not meet the criteria under the Affordable Care Act for being major medical coverage. Therefore, you would be subject to the individual mandate tax penalty even if you do take out one of these types of policies.

Does  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Pay  For  Nursing  Home?
Yes, Long Term Care Insurance can pay for nursing home expenses, or for extended care offered by assisted living, or even in home services, in some situations. Long Term Care Insurance kicks in when the insured person meets certain triggers (inability to do two or more activities of daily living such as showering or dressing without assistance, cognitive impairment, and/or the care is ordered by a doctor). Payments can go directly to the nursing home or place providing that care, or the payment can go to the insured person, who in turn pays the source of his/her care.

Why  Get  Life  Insurance  On  Your  Children?
Getting life insurance on your children is a way of ensuring that they can have life insurance when they are adults. While many health conditions are being rated more favorably by life insurance companies due to improvements in medical treatments, I also see fewer and fewer choices for young people with serious health conditions. Purchasing life insurance on your children while they are healthy is a simple and inexpensive way to give them the security of life insurance for the rest of their lives. Whether you get them Whole Life, Term insurance that they can convert to permanent insurance later on, or just put them on a child rider that they can change to 5 times that amount in permanent insurance when they become an adult, each option provides this chance to have life insurance for life even if a health condition has developed along the way.

What  3  Questions  Does  AARP  Ask  For  Life  Insurance?
At this time, AARP's three health questions for their term insurance are: 1. In the past 2 years, have you had treatment or medication for or been diagnosed by a doctor as having heart trouble, stroke, cancer, lung disease or disorder, diabetes, liver or kidney disease, AIDS, AIDS Related Complex, or immune system disorder? 2. In the past 2 years, for any condition, have you been admitted to or confined in a hospital, sanitarium, nursing home, extended care or special treatment facility? 3. In the past 3 months, have you consulted a doctor or had treatment, medication or diagnostic tests of any type? (Note: You are not required to report negative AIDS or HIV tests).

Is  Disability  Insurance  Worth  The  Cost?
Disability Insurance protects your income. The average American becomes disabled once during their working years. That average time of disability is 30 months. Most Americans have 90 days of emergency money. Depending on your gender, age, smoking status and health condition you could pay 5-8% of your income to protect your income. 60% of your compensation tax free (because you didnt deduct the premiums) and 80% of your compensation taxable because you deducted the premium through a business. Is that worth it?

Who  Is  Covered  By  Health  Insurance?
That's a great question! The answer is that because of the Affordable Care Act ( Obamacare) everyone is now eligible to obtain health insurance coverage. Before the passing of the Act, insurers had the right to deny you coverage if you had an illness before applying for their policy. Calling it a "pre-existing condition", one that you already had, they weren't obligated to assume responsibility for paying for it, and would deny you. That practice was outlawed under the ACA.Each person who wants health insurance that is unable to get it through an employer can now go to the WEBSITELINK website, and find a plan for them. There is an enrollment period each year in the fall when you can shop for and purchase your policy. If you need help, please feel free to contact me, okay? Thanks for asking!

Is  Renters  Insurance  Really  Necessary?
If you can afford a financial loss of your personal items and can easily repurchase what may have been lost due to a potential event such as fire, water, wind, theft and so on as there are many perils that are covered then renters insurance is not necessary. If you can absorb the costs of a potential law suit for bodily injury and/or property damage that can run well into the thousands or hundreds of thousands even if the suit is only alleged then renters insurance is not necessary. If you can pay your loss of use (substitute housing) if you are potentially displaced from your home for a loss as mentioned above then renters insurance is not necessary. If you said no to any of these you may wish to consider renters insurance. Renters insurance has to be the most affordable insurance on the market that covers so much for so little.

My  Friend  Wrecked  My  Car.  What  Happens  Now?
The claim will be investigated and fault will be determined. If it was the other parties fault then if all goes well the other parties insurance will pay for the damages. If not then plan B is since you do not have physical damage coverage on your own policy which would normally pay for damages then next in line would be your friends policy which should cover the damages. Of course all of this depends on if there are any exclusions in the policies.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Liability?
Most home owners insurance policies have liability built into the policy. Usually, the limits can be raised to $1,000,000. Considering that the average premises liability award in 2008 was $848,702, having high limits of liability is a good idea. As I've said in other posts, I highly recommend an "umbrella" policy to increase your limits of liability.

Can  Medicare  Have  Dependents?
No, Medicare is a health plan for individuals, and does not provide for dependents. Each person that receives Medicare must be eligible based on paying into Social Security taxes the required length of time (or if a spouse who did not work outside the home, based on the spouse's contributions) and turning age 65 (or being disabled 2+ years or or a couple more situations). If one spouse turns 65 and starts receiving Medicare, the other under-age-65 spouse, or children of the couple, cannot receive Medicare based on that alone.

How  Many  Life  Insurance  Members  Does  Aetna  Have?
Aetna is a stock life insurance carrier and as such has policyholders, not members. Aetna is a major insurance carrier involved in many areas of insurance and risk management. Aetna provides individual and group health insurance coverage. They also offer life insurance and Medicare plans. As such, Aetna has many hundred thousands of policyholders around the world.

How  To  File  An  Automobile  Insurance  Claim?
My best advice is to contact your agent if you have one. They can help facilitate the claim and get your car repaired and paid for quickly and arrange a rental car while yours is being repaired. If you bought coverage from a direct writer (Geico, Progressive etc) you need to call their claims dept whose phone number should be on the back of your insurance ID card.

Who  Provides  The  Best  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
There are many top-rated carriers that provide affordable, but quality long-term insurance coverage. The key is finding an experienced full-time broker (or financial planner) that will help you compare your best options. Your budget, health, and other factors will be taken into consideration and you'll be working with the best available resource. Part-time employees, radio/tv/media workers and unaffiliated and uninterested persons can not provide the expert guidance that you need.

How  Much  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Is  Needed?
Most Americans have finally come to terms that they will be living longer and require some help in their senior years. Long term care needs to cover assisted living and/or nursing home care generally during retirement. Those costs can be daunting. So it's important to purchase the maximum coverage. A male non smoker age 60 in good health may pay around $300 a month for $7000 a month benefits to a limitation of $420,000.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Renters  Belongings?
If you are renting a portion of a home occupied by the insured most companies will not cover your property unless you are named as an insured on the policy. If you are a guest in the home, the insured has the option to extend coverage to your personal property. If you are renting a residence, your property would not be covered. This is what a tenants policy is designed to do, cover your risks while you are occupying a rented residence.

Can  I  Deduct  Disability  Insurance  Premiums  From  My  Taxes?
In most cases, you cannot deduct Disability Insurance premiums from your taxes. However, if there is a need to use your Disability Insurance policy to pay an income to you during a period of disability, the benefit you receive will not be taxable as you paid taxes on the money going into the policy. Consult a tax attorney for specific situations.

Will  My  Renters  Insurance  Cover  My  Dog?
Will assume that you are referring to damage done by your dog. If he or she damages your property, there is probably no coverage. However, if the dog tears into the property of others, there would probably be coverage. However, there is a limit to the amount of liability coverage provided.

Can  I  Get  Car  Insurance  Online?
Yes the internet is flooded with thousands of insurance companies, insurance brokers, agents offering auto insurance rates online. It just takes a few minutes and few clicks on the mouse. The best thing about getting auto insurance is the competition among the carriers. Because of such competition, many of them offer the cheapest auto insurance rates for you. Shopping for the best auto insurance rates on the internet allows you the option whether or not to talk to an agent as well. Make sure when online have your old policy ready so you can refer to it for some of the questions you will have to answer. When buying a policy online or offline make sure you fully disclose your driving record. In some States while youre at it, check your credit score. Some auto insurance companies will not run your driving record at the time of purchase but they will run it on the back end and once they find out about your driving history and your credit, your rates will increase. So do the research before you buy.

How  Much  Will  Medicare  Rise?
Every year Congress decides how much of tax revenues to allocate for Medicare spending. They also set the deductibles for the coming year as well as premiums for Part A and Part B. This is all done under a full moon at midnight following the swinging of a dead chicken over their head ceremony. Seriously, there is no predicting what Congress will do since it is based on political whim and has nothing to do with inflation, costs or anything else. Over the last few years deductibles and premiums have risen 4 - 6% which is an effective cost to you of 8 - 12%.

What  Happens  When  My  Life  Insurance  Policy  Matures?
If by matures you mean the end of the policy period, like the end of 20 year term life insurance policy, without converting it to a permanent policy coverage is terminated. If by matures you mean a permanent policy that endows at age 100 or age 121, then there are a couple of scenarios. Unless otherwise stated in the policy, coverage ends on the maturity date. All policy loans of cash value, whether internal and/or borrowed out are recharterized as phantom income and the gain is taxed as ordinary at the effective tax bracket rate of the policy owner.

Will  A  DUI  Affect  My  Car  Insurance?
Great question! I hope sincerely that you never have to find out. The answer in almost every case is yes. Driving under the influence increases your risk for an accident exponentially and you know that as your risk increases, so does your premium. Some companies will cancel your policy, and getting another policy will be difficult. Thanks for asking!

Why  Should  Landlords  Require  Renters  Insurance?
A landlord can usually require tenants to carry their own renters insurance. Some States have regulations that must be satisfied first but most landlords can require it in the rental contract. The major purpose for the landlord is to provide a shield of sorts, from some or all liability associated with the rented dwelling, in the event of a loss to either property or persons. There are several obvious reasons concerning property and liability that make it important for both parties actually. For example, if a renter's property was damaged by a covered peril, the renter might look to the landlord for recovery. However, absent the landlord's liability in relation to the loss, the renter would not be reimbursed without their own renters policy in existence. Also, as another example, if a visitor was injured in the renter's apartment, in the absence of a renters policy, the injured person might look to the landlord as the sole source of reimbursement for injuries, which, of course could be substantial in nature. The landlord certainly has a right to protect him or herself in this instance. It just makes good, logical sense...all the way around...for landlords to require tenants to carry renters insurance.

Who  Has  The  Highest  Fixed  Annuity  Rate?
There are a number of questions that need to be answered before you can develop a short list of annuities offering the highest rates. Here are a few questions: Is the annuity for growth or deferred income? What length of time are you willing to leave your money in the annuity for growth or before you trigger income from the annuity? How much does insurance company rating concern you? There are new annuity products coming on the market each week, so the answer could change. There are other questions to consider as well and it is best to discuss your specific needs with an independent agent who can help come up with your "short list" of annuities and companies to consider.

What  Is  Covered  With  Disability  Insurance?
What is covered with Disability Insurance ? Your income. Disability insurance is paycheck insurance driven by a simple definition "the ability to work at your own occupation." Doesn't matter if you get sick or hurt while covered. The other aspect of good disabilty insurance is you're still covered even if you can only work half time or in a limited way that reduces your income.

Can  Term  Life  Insurance  Premiums  Increase?
If you have a Term Life Insurance policy where the premiums are not guaranteed, they could possibly increase. Sometimes level term is called that due to the level face amount, with the possibility that premiums could increase after x number of years. Some term policies are called guaranteed, but the company just means that the premium won't go up unless it goes up for the whole group (which can be several times per year). And all term policies have a big jump in premiums after the guaranteed period ends.

How  Quickly  Can  You  Get  Homeowners  Insurance?
Most companies extend binding authority to appointed agents. You should be able to get evidence of insurance within a very short period of time. The agent then submits the application to underwriting and they have sixty days during which they can review and decline the risk. The parties to the insurance policy receive legal notice of cancellation should that occur which gives them ample time to secure coverage elsewhere.

Will  My  Friend's  Insurance  Cover  A  Tree  Falling  On  My  Uninsured  Boat?
You would be looking at paying for the repairs out-of-pocket. Insurance on a vehicle only covers the vehicle(s) designated for the coverage. For example, your friend's insurance would only cover vehicle(s) covered under his plan, which from your information would indicate your boat is not covered. Some policies may have liability coverage if the insured person's property damaged someone else's property, but that does not appear to be the case here. Given that a tree fell on it, your boat would only be covered if you had insurance on it.

What  Is  The  Most  Affordable  Health  Insurance  In  Indiana?
There are many affordable health insurance plans in Indiana, thanks to the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. What reduces rates (often dramatically), is the federal subsidy that is based on your household income. Often, this can generate financial help of $5,000-$10,000 per year. And this money is automatically deducted from the premium. Anthem typically offers the the lowest rates, although Humana is competitive in many areas. Both individual and family plans are available along with coverage for small businesses. If household income is too high to qualify for a subsidy, off-Exchange plans can be purchased from the participating major carriers. Where do you get the best rates? Typically, an experienced broker website will offer the lowest prices along with expert advice. There are never fees or charges for utilizing this type of assistance. I should know since I'm an Indiana health insurance broker and have been in the business for 33 years. But it doesn't seem that long!

Who  Can  Get  Auto  Insurance?
The owner of a vehicle needs to maintain insurance. Insurance always follows the vehicle so regardless of who is driving the car the owners insurance is primary. If someone other than yourself is going to be driving your car you need to list them on your policy as a driver. The driver can be classified as primary or occasional depending on how often they will be using your car.

Who  Has  The  Best  Rates  On  Car  Insurance?
Who has the best rates on car insurance and where do you get them? When you utilize the free services of an experienced broker, you'll be able to find the lowest prices much easier than attempting to shop yourself. Whether it's State Farm, Farmers, Geico, Progressive, Esurance or another carrier, shopping for the best car insurance rate is not fun. That's why we simply the process for you by utilizing our experience, websites and modern software to save you money.

Does  AARP  Have  Homeowners  Insurance?
AARP is not an insurance company, However The Hartford offers discounts to AARP members on both home and auto insurance. The Hartford has been in business for over 200 years and is a highly reputable insurance company. Just to note: not all Hartford agents are authorized to offer AARP discounts. AARP qualified agents must go though certain training and be approved before being able to offer The Hartford's AARP product. You should easily be able to do a web search to find a local agent who can offer Hartford's AARP product. I myself am an AARP authorized agent in the state of California.

Does  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Road  Hazards?
That depends how you are defining road hazards. If you are referring to objects in the road, you are covered if you run over them or if they kick up from the road and hit your vehicle. Collision claims typically have a higher deductible than a comprehensive claim. Glass breakage is often covered with no out of pocket cost.

Is  A  Gym  Membership  Covered  By  Medicare?
Unfortunately, gym memberships are not covered by Medicare because they are not considered a medically necessary expense. However, there are some Medicare Advantage plans that can have some wellness programs and gym privileges covered. You would need to review each plan to find out if it provides that type of benefit in your area.

What  Is  The  Best  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  In  Arizona?
The best long term care insurance in Arizona can come from any of the highly rated companies that offer long term care insurance in this state. It just depends on which company has the best rate and features for your age and health. With all the wonderful levels of care offered in AZ, you would definitely want to get a policy that offers the option to use the benefit to pay for any type of care.

Is  Blepharoplasty  Covered  By  Medicare?
Blepharoplasty is a type of reconstructive (plastic) surgery used as a treatment for drooping eyelids. These "eyelid lifts" could be a covered item as long as the surgery is not simply for cosmetic reasons. Your doctor needs to justify the need by measuring the "droop" and a visual test must be conducted to prove your vision is impaired.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Alzheimer's?
Most of the medical care related to Alzheimer's disease is covered by Medicare Part B (Medical insurance) or Medicare Part A (Hospital insurance). If you have Medicare Supplement insurance (Medigap Plan), your policy may help cover the co-insurance and deductibles associated with Original Medicare Part A and B. You can contact your insurance company or an insurance agent who specializes in Medicare Supplements to review your Medigap benefits. As for medications, a Part D prescription plan will cover most Alzheimers medications. Your costs (co-pays and deductibles) will depend on your plan. Unfortunately, long-term custodial care costs (nursing home, assisted living, or adult day care) are not covered by Medicare. Even hiring home help for bathing, toileting and dressing (custodial care) is not covered by Medicare unless the Medicare Beneficiary is receiving skilled-nursing care, physical or occupational therapy to assist with the recovery from an illness or injury. If I can be of further assistance, please feel free to contact me at 1-888-411-1329.

What  Are  The  Disadvantage  Of  Annuities?
The main disadvantage of Annuities is that your money is not 100% liquid until your term is over. Some annuities have more liquidity than others; most offer 10% yearly penalty free liquidity. Some offer up to 20% yearly liquidity, while some just offer 5%. Most deferred annuities allow complete liquidity in the event of a terminal illness or a Long Term Care need. This is why it is important to work with an experienced independent agent who can evaluate your needs and help you find the right product for your situation. Another commonly cited disadvantage are "high fees". But in fact, only Variable Annuities automatically include fees. But the fees do tend to be high in most peoples opinion. It is important to remember that a "disadvantage" all depends on perspective and what your needs are.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Electrical  Wiring?
The key word to remember in connection with a homeowners policy is damage. The policy is not designed to correct deficiencies or pay for routine maintenance. Wiring does have a special place in a homeowners policy in that when there has been damage from a covered source the work of restoring the property might include changes in the wiring and plumbing to meet the requirements of the current building code. Additional coverage to pay for that expense can be added to your homeowners policy.

What  Qualifies  As  An  Erisa  Qualified  Retirement  Plan?
On September 2, 1974 the Employee Retirement Income Security Act became law. The law was to establish financial disclosure of fees, standards for fiduciaries and provide guidance for plan participants. Recently 408(b)(2) was added to shore up the full disclosure of plan costs. Plans developed under ERISA like 401(k)s permit tax deductible contributions and tax deferred accumulation with distributions taxable as ordinary income.

When  Can  An  Auto  Insurance  Company  Sue  Me?
An example of being sued by an insurance company would be: Your have been found at fault in an accident. Now you either had no insurance or your insurance coverage's were to low to pay the damages. The latter is very common. The other parties insurance company paid for their own insureds damages and is now seeking to recover it's losses. So lets say for example you did have some coverage but the coverage's you carried were to low. Your insurance company would of paid the claim up to the limit you carried. This turns out to not be enough and the person you hit insurance company, having had to pay beyond what your insurance company would pay will sue to recover the additional monies paid out. Moral of the story: Carry the highest liability and property damage limits you can afford. Do not waste your money on a low deductible for your own car. This amount is minimal compared to what you can lose in a liability suit.

How  Do  I  Estimate  Home  Insurance?
To obtain an Estimate of Home Insurance, you would need to answer a few questions relative to the risk.The basic characteristics of the home to be insured including the Year Built, Square Footage, Type of Roof and the Use of the Home (Owner Occupied or Tenant Occupied) will help assess the correct reconstruction value of the home. In addition, you will need to list any safety features such as Deadbolts, Smoke Detectors, Fire Extinguishers, Central Station Alarm Monitoring & Fire Sprinklers; these items will most likely either be necessary for qualification or offer a security discount depending on the program. For a simple self service homeowners insurance quotation, there is a link providing an online format to obtain a quote and buy home insurance online in multiple States; may be used by Escrow/Closing Professionals, Mortgage Professionals, Real Estate Agents and directly by Consumers. An exemplary online experience for all! WEBSITELINK

Do  I  Need  Part  C  Of  Medicare?
You don't "need" Medicare Part C, but you may choose to have it as your Medicare coverage. Medicare Part C is really known as the Medicare Advantage Plan. It acts like an HMO or PPO. Part C combines your Original Medicare Part A (hospital) and Part B (medical), and usually Part D (drugs). It's important to note that if you have Medicare Part C (Medicare Advantage Plan), you don't need a Medigap Policy and can't be sold one to help supplement your health care. You can only purchase a Medigap Policy (Medicare Supplement insurance), if you are still on Original Medicare Part A and Part B. There are a lot of moving parts to Medicare. Please let me know if I can be of further assistance.

How  To  Shop  For  Long  Term  Disability  Insurance?
How to shop for long term disability care insurance? First start with a group of companies to compare from. Then READ the plans. The most important anything in a disability policy is the definition of what is disability. It doesn't matter how long or how much if you never met the definition of disability stated inside the policy. The cheapest premiums with the highest payouts mean nothing if you never meet the policy's definition.

What  Is  The  Best  Medicare  Advantage  Plan  In  New  York?
The best Medicare Advantage plan in New York will depend on your specific needs and perhaps what part of the state you reside in. It is absolutely critical to utilize a licensed experienced full-time broker that works with MA plans. They will be able to explain details and if a Medical Advantage plan is right for you.

Is  Car  Insurance  Cheaper  When  You  Are  Married?
The best answer to this is maybe. You can receive discounts for many things when applying for auto insurance. One of the available discounts is being married. However, if you are married, and only have one car then you are effectively nullifying the discount. The reason for this is the corollary discount to being married is the multi-car discount. If you are sharing a car with your spouse, then you will be rated for two drivers with one auto, which means more exposure and subsequently higher premiums. So the best way to maximize your insurance discounts is be married, each drive your own car, and throw on a type of homeowners policy, even if you are just renting. I hope this helps.

What  Are  The  Benefits  Of  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Some benefits of Long Term Care Insurance are: protection of your estate, having choices in meeting your long term care needs rather than having to take what Medicaid dictates, peace of mind that comes from knowing you will not be a burden to your family if even unable to care for yourself.

How  Much  Critical  Illness  Insurance  To  Buy?
It would depend on your individual situation. I would look at how much money you would need to keep the family going if youdevelopa critical illness and cannot work. Take in consideration disability payments, health insurance, and affordability. A good agent will sit down and help you evaluate your individual situation.

Can  You  Borrow  Money  From  Your  Retirement  Plan?
Borrowing money from your retirement plan for emergencies can be helpful, but it shouldnt be used as a bank. Qualified retirement plans have their own regulatory rules of engagement for accessing plan participant money. Qualified plans charge interest, generally require repayment at employment termination or transfer of funds. If qualified pan money is deemed received it will trigger an ordinary income tax event and a 10% penalty if youre under 59 . Non-qualified retirement plans that use a TAMRA compliant non modified endowment contract can borrow accumulated cash values at a low or no interest as the long as the policy is kept in force for the life of the insured.

What  Does  Suze  Orman  Think  About  Annuities?
Over the years Suze has addressed annuities, not always in a favorable light. She has several online videos and content blogs and articles on annuities. Suze has a small treatise online entitled, Truth About Annuities, which outlines the product inventory in a pithy format that gives you her read on the subject.

Is  hypnotherapy  to  control  urinary  incontinence  from  radiation  treatment  medicare  covered?
Hypnotherapy would not be covered by Medicare to help control urinary incontinence. There maybe some mental health issues where Medicare will pay some of the cost for hypnotherapy but I don't believe it will cover any of the cost for the problem you are having.

Why  Is  401K  Taxed?
A 401(K) defined contribution plan is a tax DEFERRED program instituted by your employer. Contributions by you to the plan are normally tax deferred, meaning that there isnt any current income tax on that portion of your income.) The same is true if your employer makes a contribution. When the funds are withdrawn they are taxable as ordinary income under most circumstances. A distribution before you reach age 50.5 could incur an additional 10% penalty tax.

How  To  Apply  For  Health  Insurance?
You can apply through the healthcare.gov website. However, I STRONGLY urge you to apply for your coverage through an independent health insurance broker to make sure your application is processed and your policy placed in force properly - especially considering all of the issues the healthcare.gov website has had in it's first year under the affordable care act. A health insurance broker broker can help you compare the plans and work with you on a personal level to help determine which health plan will be most suitable to your specific needs and budget. Please note, you can only apply for health insurance during the annual open enrollment period unless you have a qualifying event for a special enrollment period (e.g. getting married, having a baby, coming off of group coverage, etc.)

Why  Do  People  Buy  Whole  Life  Insurance?
There are many reasons why people buy whole life insurance. The main reason is permanence, it last until you are at least age 100 and sometimes beyond. Where as term insurance is only for a set number of years. Another reason is that whole life policies will typically build a cash value that could be borrowed against in most situations. There are too many reasons to list here. I would recommend contacting your local agent to have them help you finding the policy right for your needs and goals.

How  Much  Is  A  Renters  Insurance  For  Apartments?
Based on my experience and within my geographic area; I have seen renters insurance cost as little as $7/mo. Renters insurance rates could vary greatly depending upon the carrier, coverage, and other factors used to determine the rate. Renters insurance is a very low cost type of insurance for the coverages provided to the insured in the event of a loss.

Does  Your  Child  Need  Life  Insurance?
Getting life insurance for your child, in my opinion, is more important than ever before. With the advancement of medicine, there are many health conditions being diagnosed, and even tendencies toward health conditions are noted in medical records. While this is wonderful for saving lives, it can have a negative impact on insurability and life insurance rates. Getting life insurance for your child ensures that they will have a good life insurance rate for the rest of their lives. Even if you just put them on a child rider, they can convert the amount of the rider to 5 times that amount of life insurance when they become an adult.

How  To  Write  A  Letter  To  Cancel  Auto  Insurance?
That is a great question! Basically all that you will need to do is write a note that tells them that you would like to cancel the insurance that you have with them, policy #xxxxxxx, effective as of whatever date that you would like for it to end, and sign and date it. You will also want to make sure that you are paid up through that date, and that they don't owe you money for excess premium paid. I hope that it is safe to assume that you have found other coverage before you do that. Take a look at your policy, or call your agent, just to be certain that there isn't a 30 day notice required, okay? Thanks for asking!

Can  You  Deduct  Homeowners  Insurance  On  A  Rental  Property?
This is more of a question for a tax adviser, however based on my knowledge the answer would be yes, insurance on a rental property would be a deductible expense in most situations. Any business can deduct business expenses paid. Since rental property is a source of income, any expenses related to that property would be deductible.

What  Is  Renters  Insurance  And  What  Does  It  Cover?
Great question! Renters insurance is like homeowners insurance , but for people who rent, and not own. It is designed to provide protection for the cost of replacing your belongings in the event that they were damaged or stolen. Your landlord will have insurance to cover their building, but it will not cover your things, so it is wise for you to do so. It can make a huge difference if something were to happen to your building, and is relatively inexpensive for the blessing that it can be. If you need more information, contact me, I'm happy to help. Thanks for asking!

How  Much  Does  Apartment  Renters  Insurance  Cost?
Because all insurance is based on the concept of shared risk, you could say that the cost is the total amount you would lose if you had your property destroyed or if you were sued. That is the cost if you chose to not insure your unit. If you insure the unit the cost then is your share of the possible losses of a large group of people. While that is a relatively modest amount it varies by a few factors, the primary being the amount of personal property that you want insured. Less property means lower premium.

What  Is  American  General  Life  And  Accident  Insurance  Company?
American General Life and Accident Insurance Company (AGLA) merged with American General Life Insurance Company (AGL) on January 1, 2013. At this time, no policies are issued by American General Life and Accident Insurance Company. American General life insurance products, accidental death policies, and annuities are now all written under the American General Life Insurance Company (AGL).

Does  Accidental  Life  Insurance  Cover  Heart  Attack?
Does accidental life insurance cover a heart attack? No, as a heart attack is actually a medical event, not an accident, even if it happens without warning. Accidental life policies tend to be cheap because they are known as situational plans. That is, a certain situation has to happen a certain way creating the death for the plan to pay.

How  Often  Will  Medicare  Pay  For  A  New  Bed?  5  Years  Or  7  Years?
First please note that the bed must be prescribed by your physician as medically necessary. Once the bed has been received, my research shows that Medicare will only cover replacement equipment if your doctor writes you a new order or prescription with an explanation of the medical need.

What  Is  Health  Insurance  Stop  Loss?
A stop loss means exactly what it implies, "it stops your loss" and the insurance carrier picks up all other costs during that calendar year. For individuals that have health insurance a stop loss is also known as the annual out-of-pocket maximum. After you reach the out-of-pocket maximum in a calendar year the insurance carrier pays the rest of the claims. In a self-insurance situation where a company pays the claims up to a certain dollar amount the "stop loss" is the most the employer will pay in any year after which the insurance carrier will pay the remaining claims.

Will  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Mechanical  Repairs?
If you have an endorsement on your policy that covers towing and roadside assistance then there is a possibility that a repair may be covered. Towing and roadside assistance coverage is typically very limited though. I would suggest reading your policy completely to understand the coverage offered and the exclusions contained within or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Can  I  Take  Out  Life  Insurance  On  My  Spouse?
You can own a life insurance policy on anyone, including your spouse. In most cases your spouse must agree to the insurance, make application and qualify medically. Some carriers issue policies that can be applied for without the insureds knowledge or consent. You can be the beneficiary of your spouse's life insurance as long as there is an insurable interest (which is almost always the case).

What  Is  A  Money  Purchase  Retirement  Plan?
A money purchase plan is a form of qualified retirement plan that requires the employer to make contributions to the plan on an employees behalf. This required contribution is generally determined as a percentage of employee annual income and is the same for all eligible employees (i.e. employees that are part of the plan). The alternative to this is a profit sharing plan, where funds can be distributed to a plan (if profits exist) and are distributed among employees. This contribution is not, however, required and can be done with more discretion based on employer business results.

Why  Is  Whole  Life  Insurance  A  Bad  Investment?
Why is whole life a bad investment? Well, it could be the people that tell you that whole life is a bad investment don't sell whole life and want you to purchase what they have for you to buy. Or quite often whole life is compared to term with a equity (stock) fund. The problem with this as an accurate comparison is that it doesn't take risk into account. Whole life is a dull boring consistent product that does what it says it will over time. A stock market equity (mutual fund or whatever) is a different sort of risk. It can rise and fall and even disappear. While whole life policies tend to be invested in more secure long term investments which because they're safe and long term, provide a lower, but consistent rate of return. And the nice thing about Whole life is the cash values can't go backwards.

Can  A  Nursing  Home  Take  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
If you have Term life insurance, there is no cash value in it to count as an asset in a Medicaid spend down. If you have Whole or Universal life insurance with a large amount of cash value, it may or may not exceed cash value limits of policies that you can keep while entering a nursing home with Medicaid funds. Your social worker will tell you. If your policy does have high cash value, there is a law that allows you to retain some of the death benefit and use your cash to pay for your nursing home care. Or, you can transfer ownership of your policy to someone else, if it will be at least 5 years before you need to use long term care, and if you do not have the resources to pay for it in other ways. The nursing home will not take your life insurance policy. It will be evaluated along with all your assets, if Medicaid is needed.

How  Universal  Life  Insurance  Works?
When you pay a premium to a universal life policy, that amount which exceeds the current cost of insurance is credited to the cash value of the policy. That cash value earns tax deferred interest according to the provisions of the policy. In addition to the current cost of insurance there are fees which are also withdrawn from the policy as stated in the policy. The insurance company generally offers a minimum interest rate set by the contract, but may change the rate credited from time to time.

Is  Homeowners  Insurance  Cheaper  For  New  Homes?
It may be. Normally newer construction is more accurately priced for reconstruction valuation when you are seeking a quote for coverage. Newer homes are typically less prone to some incidents that occur in older homes because of the age and deterioration of material or lack of maintenance to the premise. Every carrier sets there own rates for the geographic locations that they have a presence in and in some cases may weigh the risk of new construction and some older construction the same. Contact a local agent to discuss coverage availability and pricing within your area.

Who  Has  Good  Renters  Insurance?
Many good agents use many good companies to write renters insurance. The very best policy is the one that is in force and pays the expected amount when you have a loss. Regardless of the company name, the price or what kind of animal they advertise with on Television that is the best one, the one you own so find an agent and get covered!!

How  Are  Annuity  Gains  Taxed?
If you purchase a deferred annuity with pre-tax money, the entire balance, including the gains will be taxable. As long as the money stays inside the annuity, the taxation is deferred. A deferred annuity has an accumulation phase and a distribution phase. During accumulation, the annuity grows untaxed. When the annuity is paid out during the distribution phase, the payouts are taxed at ordinary income tax rates for you during that year. If you buy a deferred annuity with after tax dollars then a portion of the payouts will be a tax free return of your principal. It is considered "last in, first out" meaning that withdrawals are taxed until the interest and earnings portion is depleted. After that, your principal can be withdrawn without taxes.

What  Is  A  Good  Renters  Insurance  Company?
The best homeowners insurance policy is the one that you own when you suffer a loss. It is the only policy that you can turn to for relief. Having a policy in force is critical. That policy is sold by an insurance agent who will listen to you, provide sound financial advice and communicate clearly with you and the insurance company. Setting appropriate limits is the most critical task the agent will help you do.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  With  Sleep  Apnea?
Yes, most people with sleep apnea can get life insurance. If mild and controlled by regular use of Cpap or bipap, or if the sleep apnea has been corrected by surgery, the applicant can even be rated Preferred for some life insurance policies. Severe sleep apnea that is not controlled, or when there is no follow up or Cpap is not used as directed, the policy can be rated up or even declined.

Will  Home  Insurance  Pay  For  Tree  Removal?
Homeowners insurance will not typically pay for removal of trees. This is normally considered a maintainance issure for the homeowner. Please read your policy completely to understand what coverage is provided and what exclusions it may contain or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Can  I  Apply  For  Life  Insurance  Online?
You can apply for life insurance online in several ways. Sometimes you can fill out the entire application online. More commonly, you find a quote online, then an agent contacts you to be sure you qualify for that quote. Sometimes agents can even find you a lower quote than what you found on their own website. That personal contact can help in many ways, so don't shy away if you are contacted after attempting to apply online. One phone call can be all it takes to get you on the road with the right application, and after that you may never need to speak to the agent again.

Why  Does  Renters  Insurance  Cost  So  Much  In  New  York?
Probably because the actuaries in Underwriting have calculated the risk of something happening to property in NY to be higher than in Wyoming. With millions of people, there is much more likelihood of a burglary or other perils befalling a tenant. I don't know for sure if you are talking about in Manhattan, but if you are another possible reason is that the premium is calculated in part by the value of the Personal Property. People living on 5th Avenue tend to have more- and more expensive things than the Average Joe!

Is  Hazard  Insurance  The  Same  As  Homeowners  Insurance?
Yes hazard insurance is the same as homeowners insurance. It's just different terms used by different people. So your lender may say homeowners insurance or hazard insurance or fire insurance and your talking about the same thing. This term may also be used by title companies as well. Usually it more of a location verbiage. Peoples in different areas just use different terms for the same thing.

Can  I  Go  To  The  ER  Without  Health  Insurance?
Yes, you sure can. How they will treat you when you get there is a different question. Most hospitals will treat you whether you have health insurance or not. There are some, however, that may not. In that case, they would send you you to the hospital that will treat you. It also depends on what you need. If it's something minor, you may wait or they may send you to a different hospital. If it's critical, they will either treat you there or stabilize you to go to a different hospital. Either way, they will bill you for their services and, the more serious the case, the more it will cost. If you're considering going to the Emergency Room, you should take a moment and think about whether that's the right place to go. There are many Urgent Care centers that can help you with more minor issues like fevers, sprained ankles, and minor injuries. You'll probably get treated more quickly and it'll cost a lot less.

Can  I  Drive  Without  Car  Insurance?
A vehicle may not be operated on the road without liability insurance. Being caught driving without insurance can and will result in significant fines and potential loss of your drivers license. If you are involved in an accident without insurance the fines and penalties are much stiffer not to mention the cost incurred for damages that you may be responsible for.

What  Is  An  Immediate  Annuity?
There are two types of annuities, immediate and deferred. An immediate annuity as the name suggest provides an immediate income. A deferred annuity has the income deferred until a later date. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Who  Assumes  The  Risk  In  A  Variable  Annuity?
In Canada, variable annuities are often referred to as segregated funds or seg funds. They are similar to mutual funds, but since they are issued by insurance companies that have certain maturity and death benefits guarantees. Some even include locking in or resetting of the guarantees to "lock in" market gain. The insurance company does provide some guarantees, however, any amount that is allocated to a segregated fund is invested at the risk of the policy owner and may increase or decrease in value. A description of the key features of the segregated fund policy issued by the insurance company is contained in the information folder. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me. If you would like to work with a local life insurance broker, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for life insurance broker Halifax or life insurance agent Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find a life insurance broker in your community.

What  Effect  Does  Obamacare  Have  On  Medicare?
Though many will claim Obamacare, which is designed to cover non-Medicare beneficaries, does not have any effect on Medicare, such a statement would be false. There are many provisions in the Affordable Care Act that call for funding reductions in the Medicare payment system, including a provision, including the following: * Medicare Funding Cuts of$457 Billion by 2020.Approximately 50% of cuts are proposed to come from Medicare providers in the form of reduced reimbursement rates. These cuts are expected to offset 30% of the cost of reform for those under 65. * Fewer Providers expected to be available 96% of Providers in US Accept Medicare 80% Accept New Medicare Patients (60% in Texas) Medicare Enrollment Growing by 10,000 people per day 28% of New Medicare Recipients Has Trouble Finding A New Primary Care Doctor in 2012 30% Proposed Reimbursements Reductions will lead to even fewer doctors accepting Medicare More Providers Opting-out of Medicare System (including the Mayo Clinic) Fewer Doctors + More Patients = Longer Wait Times * Medicare Advantage Funding Cuts $135 Billion through 2019, including$7 Billion this year 2014,. This has already lead totewer Plan Choices,Reduction in Benefits andHigher Premiums for many. * Tax Increases 3.8% Additional Medicare Tax on High Earners 3.8% Tax Increase on Investment Income 2.3% New Tax on Medical Devices $72 Billion in New Taxes to Insurance Companies These taxes that will eventually by passed on to consumers in form of higher prices! * Closing the Donut Hole * 50% discount on brand name drugs * 7% discount on generics * Consumer Rebates for Reaching Gap * By 2020, the Donut Hole will be replaced with 25% cost sharing on all medications * 3.4 million Americans Will No Longer Fall in to the Donut Hole Each Year * 27.5 million Americans that Never Reach the Donut Hole Will Pay More for Their Drugs * More Free Preventative Care Services are now availablerventions for tobacco users * Creation of Accountable Care Organizations and Independent Advisory Board Accountable Care Organizations - places a degree of financial responsibility on the providers in hopes of improving care management and limiting unnecessary expenditures. ACOs that lower the cost of care for their members will by paid 50% of the cost savings generated by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Independent Advisory Board Goal of reducing the per capita rate when growth in Medicare spending exceeds targeted rate. Board will recommend changes that become a bill and sent to the President and Congress to pass. If not passed, Congress must provide a budget with equivalent funding cuts.

Is  Gerber  Life  Insurance  A  Good  Deal?
I find Gerber's prices to be a good deal for children. Gerber also has a guaranteed issue policy that can come in handy for those who do not qualify for other policies. To compare rates of any of the Gerber plans or policies with other life insurance companies, you can go to a website that offers a variety of companies and input your state, date of birth, height, weight, tobacco status, and some medical information. While price isn't everything, it is nice to compare before making a decision.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Garage?
Renter's Insurance won't cover a garage structure, but it should cover personal property in a garage. If you own a garage you will likely need to buy a seperate policy for the building as Renter's Insurance doesn't include any coverage for structures. Hope that Help! Send me a message if you have more questions.

Can  Pregnant  Women  Get  Life  Insurance?
Most insurance underwriters will not consider pregnancy as an underwriting issue so long as the insured does not have other health issues that require medication. Under normal circumstances a healthy pregnant woman should not have any difficulty getting health insurance. If other health issues arise then they may rated higher.

What  Happens  To  My  401K  If  I  Die?
You company should have on file a beneficiary form from you. The money will be sent to the appropriate beneficiary. If your beneficiary does not survive you the money will revert to your estate and potential probate. Keeping the beneficiary designation current is often overlooked and many people have been shocked when the pension they expected to come to them goes to a former spouse.

Who  Can  Be  On  Your  Car  Insurance?
Relatives living in the insured's household and related by blood, marriage, adoption, a ward or foster child. Any other person using the insured auto with the insured's permission. In Wisconsin this includes an adult member of the household. Other persons or organizations are covered in limited situations (refer to the policy).

How  To  Get  Cash  Value  Of  Life  Insurance?
To find out how much cash value is in your life insurance policy, you can order a current illustration from your agent, or directly from the life insurance company from which your policy is issued. If you want to literally get the cash value from your life insurance policy, you can borrow from your policy, or you could surrender your policy. Taking a loan against your policy will keep the death benefit intact, as long as you follow the guidelines. If you surrender your policy, you will get all the available cash value, but you will also lose your death benefit protection. It is always a good idea to cover the options with a qualified agent in taking this step. Even if your original agent is no longer around, you can enlist another agent to explain your options and help you avoid some costly mistakes.

What  Does  A  Million  Dollar  Life  Insurance  Cost?
The cost for a million dollar life policy is really not the factor or question in most cases well there would be many questions to ask first one would be are you insurable for that face value and for what purpose or needs you have for this amount. Second would you need a single premium because you have acquired a million dollars and you are looking to invest in a safe tax free invest we can look further in to this see my profile and contact me button for a free consultation.

How  Much  Is  Renters  Insurance  Per  Month  For  An  Apartment?
How much renters insurance premiums are depends allot on what coverage's you wish to purchase. You may be able to get a renters insurance policy for as low as $10.00 a month and go up from there. There are additional discounts if you package with your auto insurance carrier as well.

Which  Home  Insurance  Is  Best  In  New  Jersey?
This question could be answered in a variety of ways. But the best insurance would be a program that you and your independent agent customized to your needs. Ideally, in my honest opinion you would want a mutual company as your carrier, as mutual insurer has no stockholders, the policyholder is actually the owner. So a mutual company puts its policyholders and reputation ahead of profits. If you can choose one with a good AM Best rating.

I  Can't  Afford  Health  Insurance  What  Are  My  Options?
Healthcare reform has expanded the Medicaid program to include individuals with gross incomes of under 138% of the federal poverty line, it has also establish federal subsidies, and cost sharing reductions for individuals with gross incomes of up to 400% of the federal poverty line. When submitting ones information to the newly opened healthcare exchanges it will be automatically cross referenced to verify what public programs the individual qualifies for.

Will  Medicare  Pay  For  Diabetic  Shoes?
Yes, Medicare will pay for one pair of diabetic shoes per year, and the inserts to go into them, if prescribed as medically necessary for the prevention or alleviation of diabetic neuropathy,numbness, or sores. You must purchase the shoes through a Medicare qualified podiatrist, orthotist, prosthetist or pedorthist. You can get one pair of depth inlay shoes and three inserts per year. If unable to wear depth inlay shoes due to foot deformity, you can get one pair of custom molded shoes and three inserts per year.

When  Is  Mortgage  Protection  Insurance  A  Good  Idea?
There are two types of insurance that are often called Mortgage insurance. The first is required by the lender if the down payment for a home doesnt meet a certain threshold. This insurance protects the lender against default. This insurance is often required and included in the mortgage payment. The second is a life insurance policy that reflects the balance due on a mortgage. The idea behind this second form is for you to protect your family by making sure that they have a home, free and clear should you have a premature death. This insurance is obtained through an insurance agent and is handled outside of the mortgage.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Loss  Of  Food?
It may, yes, but it is important to check with your Insurance Professional and discuss the terms and conditions of your particular policy. In general, if food items are lost from a refrigerator or freezer as a result of a long term power outage AND the cause of that power outage is a covered peril in your policy, then there will be some coverage. I have seen that in most cases, the amount of coverage is limited, usually to about $500.00 and of course this is subject to your deductible.

Can  I  Take  Life  Insurance  Out  On  Anyone?
No, you cannot take Life Insurance out on Anyone. There has to be what we call "insurable interest". This means you have something to lose if this person was to pass away. Insurable Interest can be a spouse or child, a business and business partner. A grand parent as well. Even a loan company can have an insurable interest as if you pass before the loan is paid, they can get the remaining balance paid. Talk to an agent or broker about who you are looking at getting coverage on so you can determine if there is an Insurable Interest.

How  Much  Life  Insurance  Should  My  Husband  Have?
You know, there really is a right way to answer this question. I think the right way is to do whats best for you as the beneficiary. Life insurance is, after all, a care package from the insured to his loved one. It is a way of saying, I love you, and I take care of you now. Im going to make sure that an insurance company takes care of you later. This means that the golden rule is this: the quality of life you have now, is the quality of life you should have if you suffer the tragic loss of your spouse. If you are not making do with less now, you should not have to make do with less later. The money you need to pay your monthly bills now, is the amount of money you should have to pay your monthly bills later. The larger question is: for how long do you need this benefit to last? For how long do you want to live off the insurance money? There are a number of factors involved in that decision. First, and most important, is buying yourself the time needed to grieve and move on. Think about it. You have dedicated yourself to a life with someone. Now he is not there. And will not return. How long will it tell you to get back on your own two feet and renew your life? Two years? Five years? Longer? Then, what about your kids? Theyve already lost one of their parents. Forever. They will need you more than ever. They will need you to spend as much time with them as possible. Can you afford to do this? Life insurance can make sure the answer is yes.

How  Soon  Does  Life  Insurance  Payout?
From my experience most life insurance policies pay the proceeds within a couple of days once they are in receipt of a certified copy of the death certificate. There are always exceptions to this rule, especially if circumstances surrounding the death are suspicious or they die within the 2 year contestibility period.

What  Is  An  Annual  Premium  For  Car  Insurance?
An annual premium is the yearly amount the car insurance company charges you to insure you for whatever coverage you have requested through them directly or your local insurance agent. If possible, it is best to pay the amount in one pay as most of the time there is a full pay discount.

At  What  Age  Do  Life  Insurance  Rates  Increase?
The age at which life insurance premiums increase, IF they increase, depends on the policy you have. If you have term life insurance, premiums will go up when the guaranteed period ends. That is usually when the number of years in the term is up (e.g. if you have 10 year term, premiums go up 10 years from the time you purchased the policy). However, some premiums are not guaranteed to stay the same for the full term period. So be sure to ask what the "guaranteed level" period is when you buy your term life insurance policy. With Whole Life or Universal Life, you might never have a price increase. Again, it depends on the policy. Some organizations offer policies that can raise rates at any time, as long as you are not singled out for the price increase. Others will raise rates every 5 years, or at certain ages. If you buy a Whole Life or "no-lapse" Universal Life policy from an agent, your premium will usually be locked in for your lifetime.

Is  A  Roth  IRA  A  Qualified  Retirement  Plan?
A Roth IRA is a retirement plan, but is not qualified in the sense that you can not deduct your contributions into the plan. Roth IRAs accumulate tax deferred and distributions are tax free. Roth IRAs may be an option for individuals who are in a low tax bracket and have no employer sponsored retirement plan at work.

What  Drugs  Do  Health  Insurance  Companies  Test  For?
I am presuming that you are asking about tests for illegal drug consumption and not just prescription medications in general. As far as health insurance goes this is a non-issue. An applicant for health insurance is not subjected to any physical exams or blood or urine tests as a condition for being offered health insurance coverage. While in the past there may have been questions regarding illegal drug usage on a health insurance application that if answered truthfully by a drug user could have resulted in their being declined for coverage in the individual health insurance market we have moved past that now. As the Affordable Care Act prohibits medical underwriting and requires policies to be guaranteed to be issued regardless of pre-existing conditions there are no such questions to be answered now. Ironically, in the individual health insurance marketplace the only drug that you can be asked about and perhaps penalized for in the form of higher premiums is for tobacco use. No questions are asked about marijuana, cocaine or other drugs. This is different from applying for life insurance where in many cases a physical exam that may include drawing blood and/or taking a urine sample are part of the underwriting process. With the expanded number of states that have approved marijuana for medical usage and the outright legalization that Colorado and Washington are now experimenting with the life insurance industry is having to adjust to this changing legal environment in their underwriting practices. Different life insurance carriers are addressing the marijuana usage issue in different ways so there is no universal standard being applied to this issue and it is an area where a great deal of evolution is currently underway and probably will be for years to come.

Does  Car  Insurance  Cover  All  Vehicles  I  Drive?
There is a misconception out there suggesting that your insurance covers you for any vehicle you drive. In reality the insurance travels with the vehicle. So, if you were to let a friend drive your vehicle and they were in an accident - you and your insurance company will be responsible and it will count against your policy. Depending on the severity of the accident, your insurance company could then go after your friend and their insurance.

Do  You  Need  Homeowners  Insurance  In  A  Condo?
There is a special form of homeowners insurance for condo owners. Most mortgage companies require that you have a condo form policy to protect their interests in the property. Unlike a standard Homeowners policy, the condo form does not cover exterior walls and the grounds as these are covered by an association policy.

When  Can  I  Enroll  In  Medigap?
Most people will enroll in a Medigap (Medicare supplement) plan when they first become eligible for Medicare. Most carriers require you to have Medicare Part A and Part B in effect before they will issue a Medigap plan. Even if you buy a Medigap plan that does not require you to have Medicare Part B, your supplement plan will pay AS IF you had Part B.

How  Much  Does  Long  Term  Health  Insurance  Cost?
I'm unsure exactly of whether you are referring to regular health insurance or long-term care insurance. Either way, the cost of coverage under both types of insurance will vary from person to person. For health insurance, your age, where you live, if you use tobacco products, the carrier you purchase through, your plan metal level, and if you qualify for a subsidy to reduce your premium will determine how much a good policy is going to cost. Under the Affordable Care Act, you have the options for bronze, silver, gold, and platinum level plans (as you go up in metal, the price goes up, but provides better benefits) - some areas also have a catastrophic plan available. In addition, your age is a big factor as well. The younger you are, the cheaper your premium - the older you are, the higher your premium. Tobacco usage can increase your premiums up to 50% as well. If you're referring to long-term care coverage, a number of factors can affect the cost of the policy such as your gender, where you live, the monthly benefit of the policy, the policy's benefit period, any discounts when spouses apply together, etc. It's always helpful to consult with an experienced insurance broker who can work with you on a personal level and help you determine which plan will work best for your specific needs. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help with your coverage or if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

What  Is  Recommended  Car  Insurance  Coverage?
That is a great question! Depending upon where you live, your State will have a minimum required amount. In Texas, it is 30/60/25 - $30,000 max payout per person for an accident, $60,000 total paid per accident, and $25,000 max property damage paid. That said, we recommend that you have coverage equal or better than 100/300/100. We have a very large number of very expensive foreign sports cars in Houston, and $25,000 doesn't go far in repairing one, if you are unfortunate enough to hit one. I hope that helps! Thanks for asking!

What  Is  A  Non  Registered  Retirement  Savings  Plan?
In Canada, if a plan is a Registered Retirement Savings Plan. the the contributions are tax deductible and the plan grow tax deferred. The withdrawals are taxable and must start before the end of the year in which you turn 71 (based on current legislation) Other tax advantaged plans can be used to save for retirement and they would be non registered. If you would like to work with a local Retirement Planner, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: retirement planner Halifax or retirement planning Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find Retirement Planners in your community. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.

What  Is  The  Smallest  Life  Insurance  Policy  You  Can  Get?
The smallest life insurance policy I know of has a $1,000 face amount. The policies with very small face amounts are almost always "no exam" policies, and are generally geared toward final expense needs. Medically underwritten policies that require an exam usually have a minimum face amount of $50,000 to $100,000 or more.

Who  Has  The  Cheapest  Home  Insurance?
The cheapest homeowners policy is the one that pays the maximum amount possible when you have a claim. Of course it must be a policy on your house and it must be in force. What was paid for the policy is insignificant in many cases. The cheapest policy is sold by your trusted insurance agent, someone who listens to you, gives you sound financial advice and communicates clearly with you and the insurance company. That agent will do their best to make sure you are protected.

Will  Medicare  Still  Accept  Paper  Claims?
As far as I know, Medicare does not accept paper claim forms. At least one source indicates there may be exceptions to the electronic claim rules. "Small" providers may be exempt from submitting electronic claims as may providers that have fewer than 10 Medicare claims per month. Check with your Medicare claims administrator for determination.

When  Does  Disability  Insurance  Kick  In?
Your disability benefits "kick in" or begin to pay once you have been diagnosed with an injury or illness by a licensed physician and the elimination period has been met. Your medical diagnosis must state you are unable to perform the duties of your normal occupation due to this affliction. The elimination period can vary from a day to 360 days depending on the type of disability policy that you own.

Is  Paid  Family  Leave  Disability  Insurance?
You may be referring to Paid Family Leave offered by the state of California. Workers who contribute to the State Disability Insurance fund are entitled to 6 weeks of family leave to bond with a new baby or child joining the family, or to care for an ailing family member. During this time, part of their wages will be paid to them. While California's Disability Insurance is also funded by paying into SDI, it is different from Paid Family Leave in that it provides partial payment of wages in case of disability from a non-work related cause, or due to pregnancy or childbirth.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Jewelry?
Yes, however there is usually a set amount they will pay. If you have expensive jewelry you can schedule the jewelry by having each item appraised and listed specifically on your policy. Check with your agent on the requirements and premium for the additional coverage as well as the limit for your basic coverage.

Is  It  Ok  To  Have  Two  Health  Insurances?
There is no law preventing you from having two health insurance plans. Most people find that one plan is sufficient. Of this group the majority pay more in premiums than they receive back in benefits, so having two plans is very difficult to cost justify. Sometimes people with chronic medical conditions find having two plans make sense. But even in this group it makes sense only when employers are paying the majority of the premium. The second plan will only pick up and pay on the left over expenses: deductibles, co payments, or co insurance.

Where  Can  You  Get  Life  Insurance?
Life insurance is offered by life insurance companies through licensed agents. Most licensed agents are associated with insurance agencies. While each state requires agents to pass a proficiency examination or meet other requirements, there is no requirement for them to hold any specific designation. So, while you can buy life insurance from a variety of financial sellers, you should consider the agent's experience, training and professional credentials.

Who  Has  The  Best  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
It is hard to say who has the best long term care insurance because each company has its own special features. What may be best for one person may not be best for another. In reality, less companies are carrying long term care insurance than in the past, and it is not hard to compare the features of 3 to 5 companies to see which has the best policy for you.

Why  Do  People  Have  Life  Insurance?
People have life insurance so that their survivors are not excessively burdened upon their death. Whether it be from the relatives taking up a collection for the funeral, to a business losing money while trying to replace a key employee, life insurance takes away part of the sting of that loss. It makes the transition to life without that person more bearable, not having to worry about finances in the midst of their grief and the many details at hand. Many people see Life Insurance is a legacy, a sign of caring, that they can leave to their loved ones. And if they don't see it that way, I worked in a funeral home for a few years, I have seen how their loved ones concur with that sentiment.

How  Much  Does  Renters  Liability  Insurance  Cost?
Renters insurance is typically one of the lowest cost insurances out there. Most renter will pay from $7/mo or up. The best thing to do is to have your auto and renters insurance with the same company. Most companies will offer you a discount by having both policies with them and in some cases the discount makes the renters insurance nearly free. Call your local agent today to find out what is available in your area and how affordable the coverage is.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Gym  Memberships?
Original Medicare does not cover gym memberships. Medicare Advantage Plans and some Medicare Supplements do! This is one of the value added features of many Medicare Advantage Plans. If you want to be able to have a gym membership paid for look at the Medicare Advantage Plans in your ares.

Where  To  Buy  Secondary  Market  Annuities?
Not sure if you are still on this forum but we sell Secondary Market Annuities. However, we only sell to licensed agents. That said, I have plenty of preferred agents who work with us that can offer our product. If you would like to learn more or if you still have questions please let me know. 971-245-3425 Tyson Wright

What  Is  My  Medicare  Part  B  Premium?
For most people, your Medicare Part B premium is $105 per month and is normally deducted from your Social Security benefit payment. If you are considered a "high income" individual your Medicare Part B premium will be higher. The same is true for your Medicare Part D premium. If you are not receiving SS benefits Medicare will bill you on a quarterly basis.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Chimney  Repair?
Talk to your Insurance Professional about the specific terms and conditions of your policy. A homeowners policy will provide coverage to repair or replace your home and it's parts so long as they are damaged by what is refered to as a "Covered Peril". In other words, if the damage is a direct result of causes that are listed in your policy, then the policy coverage would apply. Naturally, any coverage settlement would be subject to your policy deductible.

What  Is  Ipa  Health  Insurance?
An IPA is an "Independent Practice Association"... a group or association of doctors within a geographic region. So if you have a health plan through a specific IPA, it's an HMO in that you receive all your care within that IPA and you generally have a PCP (primary care physician). If you pick an IPA, make sure you're happy with your primary doctor (although you can change primaries) and be sure there are lots of speciliasts in the group, PLUS... check the list of hospitals in the IPA to be sure you're comfortable with those that are included.

How  Do  Home  Insurance  Deductibles  Work?
The deductible in a homeowners insurance policy will represent the amount you the insured will pay in a covered loss. In other words you the insured are self insuring part of the loss which is the deductible amount you have chosen. For example if you have a $2,500 deductible on your homeowners insurance and your house is damage by fire (which is a covered loss), then you the insured would be responsible for the first $2,500 in damages and the insurance company would pay the rest of the damage up to the policy limit.

Does  State  Farm  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Flood?
State Farm renter's insurance does not cover flood. In fact, no renter's insurance policy covers flood since it must be purchased separately. It is a specific risk that has been handled by a government agency in the past. If you are in a flood zone or are at risk for flood damage, you can speak to a broker about rates and policy information.

What  Car  Insurance  Is  Good  For  Young  Drivers?
There is not any absolute answer to this question. Rates for auto insurance coverage can vary greatly from carrier to carrier and from area to area. Contact local agents in your area to find out about coverage availablity and pricing within your area. Look for an agent that you are comfortable working with as they will be the first and last point of contact in most instances.

When  Is  Open  Enrollment  For  Medicare  B?
You can enroll in Medicare Part B when you turn 65, when you have a special enrollment period (e.g. you're 65 or older and coming off of group coverage), or during the general enrollment period (January 1-March 31 of each year). Please note, when you enroll in Part B during the general enrollment period, your effective date for the coverage will be July 1st. You may also be eligible for Part B under age 65 if you're on social security disability or have a specific medical condition (e.g. ESRD or ALS) and meet eligibility requirements. Please note, if you don't enroll in Part B when you're first eligible and you don't have a special enrollment period available to you, you may be subject to a late enrollment penalty (premium can go up 10% for each full 12-month period that you could have enrolled in Part B, but did not). When you enroll in Part B, you also activate your 6-month open enrollment period to purchase a Medigap plan to cover the gaps in original Medicare (Parts A & B) with NO MEDICAL UNDERWRITING! This is the best time to buy one if you don't want to create an extremely predictable healthcare expense structure. Please feel free to contact me for further assistance. Thanks very much.

At  What  Age  Can  You  Get  Car  Insurance?
You should be able to get car insurance at age 16...which is the earliest age in most states when you can legally drive an automobile. If you are living with your parents, and they have current coverage, it is best to title the vehicle in their name so you can take advantage of many available discounts. When you are older and have built up some driving experience, you canalwaysconsiderpurchasing a policy in your name.

Does  Car  Insurance  Cover  A  Stolen  Car?
Car insurance will provide coverage if your car is stolen so long as your policy includes Comprehensive physical damage loss along with your chosen liabiulity protection. So long as you have comprehensive, the settlement for your stolen car would be handled from that by your claims professional. In order to file such a claim, it is very likely that your claims professonal will need to have a copy ofthe police report.

Where  Can  I  Get  Car  Insurance  With  A  Learner  Permit?
Most major auto insurance companies will insure you with a learner's permit...assuming that you are a listed driver on your parent's (for example) policy. Typically, you are not charged a premium during the pre-licensing stage but you will be rated on the policy once you obtain your full driving privileges.

Peronsal  liability  insurance  for  author  of  apps/source  code?
With all due respect to the answer given by the first insurance professional to answer this question, there are two different coverage angles to take into account. Let's tackle the first issue and that is of the professional or product liability. A homeowner policy will not extend itself to cover the liability that arises our of the professional services to write software or machine code that is either given away or incorporated into a commercial product offered to others. In the event of a loss of lawsuit I don't think you will find coverage and I think if a claim were to be presented a "reservation of rights" letter will be issued upon notification of a claim so the carrier can explore the issue prior to rejecting the loss as "professional liability" that is not covered in a liability section of a home insurance policy. On the other hand, many companies permit the use of the home for office related tasks and the liability exposure for pedestrian traffic onto the property and/or into the house will probably be covered when the avocation is merely a hobby. Usually the presence of this additional exposures are required to be admitted to the carrier. That said, all claims issues are ultimately compared against coverage terms and language and no one should rely on this general advice as anything other than a reminder to consult with your insurance agent for the best answer. And finally, I am aware of no coverage that is available for the hobby coder to add to a home insurance policy. It would be interesting to know if you actually work in the computer software business in your day to day paid work.

Why  Would  Someone  Be  Turned  Down  For  Life  Insurance?
Unfortunately, some people are turned down for life insurance for very simple reasons because they did not sign up for the appropriate policy to start with. To avoid being turned down, be sure to read the guidelines very carefully. It is far better to converse with an agent to be sure you did not overlook something. E.g. Some policies require that you have a drivers license; some don't. Some require that you are a US citizen; some don't. Some allow a certain policy to cover people with diabetes; some don't. Those type of declines are easy to avoid by just talking to tan agent. Other declines are more complicated. You may have a history of depression that sounds OK, but then get declined because your doctor wrote something in your medical records of which you were unaware. With any kind of health history or risk factors such as past alcohol treatment, use an impaired risk specialist to lower your chance of being turned down. There are policies out there for nearly everyone if you know where to look.

What  Is  The  Cheapest  Car  Insurance  Out  There?
The cheapest car insurance out there? This is a question that I am often asked (since I'm a broker with a top car insurance website). It really depends on a number of factors including where you live, your age, your driving record etc... It could be Esurance. It could be Geico. It could be Progressive or many other carriers. The only way to find out is to provide some basic information and allow us (or a broker) to shop for the best rates.

What  Is  Symbol  10  In  Auto  Insurance?
Symbols are used to designate various types of auto coverage on a business auto policy. They range from 1-9 and 19 for business auto, 21-31 for garage keepers coverage, 41-50 and 59 for truckers, and 61-71 and 79 for motor carriers. For example, symbol 1 refers to "Any Auto" and is the broadest designation, allowing the coverage for any automobile an insured my find the need to drive. Symbol 10 is one of the 'custom' symbols, meaning the use of the vehicle has a meaning that has been modified from one of the standard symbol designations for that class of vehicles. In these cases, the auto in question does not fit 100% into one of the standard symbol designations, so the insured and the insurer agree to a custom definition of use.

Who  Can  Help  Me  With  Health  Insurance?
When your thinking about health insurance there are two options currently available to you for help. The first, which I recommend, is working with an agent who is a health broker, who is also certified on your states Health Exchange system. Talking with a broker will help you to understand what all your options within the different insurance companies. The second is to contact the exchange directly and work through there system. You are not able to establish a relationship with the people you call in to help so it will be difficult to really find the best match. I am not saying you can't do it, but rather you are more on your own to navigate around the site and to choose the company that will best meet YOUR needs. Good Luck.

Does  State  Farm  Offer  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
State Farm does offer Long Term Care Insurance, but not in every state. Their Long Term Care policies and Partnership Long Term Care policies offer options for home health, hospice, and respite care in addition to nursing home and other institutional care. Benefits can be purchased up to $500 per day.

How  Much  Commission  Does  A  Life  Insurance  Agent  Make?
It depends on the company and type of policies. I have seen commissions as low as 35% an as high as 110%. Commissions are paid out of a fund from the insurance company, not directly by the consumer. Out of those commissions the agent has to pay for marketing, phone, gas for his automobile, and other business expenses. Most agents do not receive a salary or expense reimbursement.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Air  Conditioner  Leaks?
A leaking air conditioner may only be covered by homeowners insurance in the following 2 circumstances: 1. If the air conditioning unit's leak was caused by a covered peril (i.e. fire, vandalism, wind etc...) 2.If the homeowners insurance policy has an Equipment Breakdown (home warranty) Endorsement affording coverage for the air conditioning system. Most carriers do not offer the equipment breakdown endorsement on a homeowners policy but it is worth asking your local agent or broker if one is available.

When  Does  A  Health  Insurance  Deductible  Apply?
A health insurance deductible applies immediately, except for qualifying preventive services. For example, consider a policy with a $1,000 individual deductible. The policy requires that the insured pay the first $1,000 of medical expenses out-of-pocket directly to the healthcare providers. After the insured satisfies the deductible the plan begins reimbursing qualified medical expenses. The insured may still be responsible for paying any co-payment, and/or co-insurance.

How  Cheap  Is  Renters  Insurance?
Renters Insurance can be purchased for as little as $8/mo.. Make sure to purchase a policy with replacement cost for your belongings. The coverage typically adds 10%-20% to the policy cost, but it makes sure your belongings are replaced with a new item equivalent rather than being depreciated in value due to age.

What  insurance  covers  your  car  if  an  auto  shop  damage  your  engine?
If your vehicle is damaged as a result of negligence by the body shop (or authorized dealership), your auto insurance policy will not provide reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses you incur. Your best option is to work directly with the body shop/dealership that did the repair work an attempt to work out am amicable solution agreeable to both parties. Damage to the engine can be potentially very expensive, and perhaps render your vehicle unfit and unsafe to drive. Hiring an attorney may be your next-best recourse if the offending party is uncooperative. Important Note: This answer was provided by Ed Harris, one of the nation's premier car insurance brokers. Carinsurancezoom.org is the leading US trusted authority for providing the best car insurance rates from top-rated companies.

What  Is  The  Purpose  Of  A  Disclosure  Statement  In  Life  Insurance  Policies?
Assuming the question is referring to a product disclosure: Most states require a disclosure statement in a life insurance policy as a consumer protection for the insured and the policy owner. The disclosure statement general attempts to clarify the provisions of the policy or product to prevent misinterpretation of the policy.

How  Much  Does  Health  Insurance  Cost  In  New  York?
Health insurance in New York will vary depending on many variables, including how old you are, where you live, the number of members in your family and the coverage you want. BlueCross Blue Shield, Empire Blue Cross and Blue Shield, UnitedHealthcare/Oxford and Emblem Health are a few of the major carriers. As an experienced broker, we offer free quotes in minutes (as do most other brokers) so that consumers can quickly compare the best plans from top-rated insurers. In 2014, federal tax subsidies will reduce costs for many Americans. This could impact your premium as well as the benefits of the policy that is purchased.

How  To  Contest  A  Life  Insurance  Beneficiary?
Traditionally one cannot contest the beneficiary of a life insurance contract. The beneficiary designation is chosen by the contract owner and can only be changed by the contract owner. The contract is a private arrangement between the insured and the insurance company and the chosen beneficiary is up to the owner.

Is  Life  Insurance  Taxed  In  Indiana?
Life insurance is not charged income tax in Indiana or any other state, as long as the beneficiary is a person. If the beneficiary is the estate, the proceeds will be subject to income tax. Also, interest paid on the face amount for cash value policies can be taxed. Federal and state estate taxes also are charged on the excess over the exempt amount.

Can  I  Get  Health  Insurance  If  I'm  Unemployed?
Yes. Health insurance today is, in short, guaranteed issue - you cannot be denied health insurance for any pre-existing condition or other health-related reason. Depending on your income, you may be able to qualify for a subsidy to reduce the cost of your health insurance premium. If you are below the minimum requirements to qualify for a subsidy, you may be able to qualify for Medicaid. Under the Affordable Care Act, if you do not want to buy a health plan, you can be subject to pay a penalty (also known as an "individual shared responsibility payment"). Many individuals have options for group insurance through their employer or they are on Medicare or Medicaid. If you decide to buy a health insurance plan, then you would either need to buy it on or off the health insurance exchanges. Buying on the exchanges is beneficial if you qualify for a subsidy. Subsidies can only be used for on-exchange plans - they cannot be used towards plans sold off the health exchanges. If you choose to pay the penalty instead of securing coverage, you will still be responsible for 100% of your medical care. The penalty is calculated in one of two ways (you pay whichever is the higher amount). In 2014, the penalties will be calculated as: 1) 1% of your yearly household income featuring a maximum penalty as the national average yearly premium for a bronze plan. 2) $95 per person for the year (If under age 18, then $47.50) featuring a maximum penalty per family of $285 under this method. The penalty calculations will change each year. In 2015, method one increases to 2% of your yearly household income and method two increases to $325 per person. In 2016, it will increase again to 2.5% for method one and $695 per person for method two. The penalty methods will be adjusted for inflation in later years. Please let me know if I can be of further assistance. Thanks very much.

Is  It  Possible  To  Get  Car  Insurance  Over  The  Phone?
Yes. Some of the agencies out there like Geico, that utilize a direct write system, close the deals over the phone. While you can get an online quote, you have to speak to an underwriter who will run your MVR and adjust the annual premium. With an independent agency, like the one I am with, we can do almost everything over the phone. The only other requirement is a signature on the applications/discounts/waivers. These signatures, however, do not require an actual meeting, it can be done via e-mail or fax. I hope this helps.

Can  Car  Insurance  Deny  Coverage?
You can be denied if you apply for car insurance coverage. For example, if you did not have a valid drover's license or were not a US citizen, you would likely be denied. If your driving record could not be verified, it is possible you would not be offered coverage. Of course, too many tickets, accidents or claims may cause a denial when you apply. Utilize a broker who represents multiple carriers to help you fund the company that offers the lowest rates. A reputable website is also a great resource.

How  Do  Health  Insurance  Companies  Determine  Premiums?
In today; market, Health Issures have to offer Essential Health Benefics each state may have defferent plans, but they must meet the Qualified Health Benefits for that state. There are five levelsthat the Marketplase has to offer. Every state does not offer all levels, but they must offer at least two. The Affordable Care Act wiil moniter Insurance Issuers to make sure that the Insurance Issues have Essential Health Benefits in place for that State. You may be elligible for tax credits or cost sharing, in some cases you may not have to pay premiuns. It is important to look at all of your option. You can get insurance in the Marketplace or outside of the Marketplace. Remember premiums may be based on what state you reside in. Good luck in your endevor. Remember we all should have coreage availible to us.

How  Much  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Can  I  Afford?
Long term care (LTC) insurance is a part of defensive planning for your retirement. Long term care policies price their premiums on the basis of your gender, age, smoking status, health history and current medical condition. You have three considerations for long term care coverage: a stand alone policy, an annuity or life insurance with an LTC rider.

When  Will  An  Insurance  Company  Total  Your  Car?
An auto insurance carrier will typically consider your vehicle totaled when the cost to repair the vehicle would be greater than the valuation of the vehicle at the time of the accident. Insurance carriers have a standardized table that is typically used to determine the valuation of the vehicle or in some cases you may have the vehicle covered at a stated or agreed value at the inception of the policy.

Is  Geico  A  Good  Home  Insurance  Company?
--> Normal 0 --> --> Im not sure I can agree with the statement The lowest premium will be afforded to those that purchase home insurance direct from a carrier. There are just too many variables for one to draw that conclusion. Homeowners policies are not identical, they consist of 40-50 pages of numbers and words most insurance buyers have little interest in reading, until there is a claim. To determine what many of the words mean, you must refer to court cases and rulings, which are not part of the policy. Buying insurance is easy but buying the proper insurance is a complicated process. Insurance buyers need a competent professional intermediary; someone with knows the ups, downs, ins and outs of securing and maintaining the proper insurance coverage under the most favorable terms. I have little confidence that intermediary would be someone sitting at a computer terminal in some far off place who knows nothing about me or my community. You may be better off with your local insurance professional.

What  Do  I  Need  To  Get  Renters  Insurance?
That's a great question! For a renters insurance policy, you really don't need much. A good idea of the value of your belongings, so you know how much coverage that you will want to have; A valid current picture ID, and your first months premium should get you a policy. I hope that helps, thanks for asking!

Can  You  Take  Life  Insurance  Out  On  Anyone?
No, you can't insurance out on anyone. There has to be an insurable interest and the insured (person being insured) must consent, sign the application, and go through the underwriting process. Insurance is often taken out on spouses, parents or business partners as a financial hardship may occur if one of these people passes unexpectedly.

Who  Has  The  Best  Long  Term  Disability  Insurance?
There are several excellent disability insurance companies, but in the end only ten that are with considering. The cost is a significant item of review, but the languages in the contractual definitions are the real key to disability policies. So its important to do your due care. That being said, Standard of Oregon is a consistent player in this market and a top recommendation.

Can  A  Landlord  Force  You  To  Buy  Renters  Insurance?
If your lease agreement has a clause requiring Renters Insurance, yes, the Landlord may enforce the clause thereby forcing you to buy Renters Insurance or being in breach of the contract. Renters Insurance is a valuable coverage; many renters simply deny the issue due to the small cost of coverage. In our many years in business, we have seen a variety of claims; the following is just a short synopsis of the necessary protection. Renters Insurance includes Personal Property Coverage and Personal Liability Insurance. Liability Insurance being the more important coverage as this is where a legal action against the renter could cause undue hardship. If a fire or water damage claim is caused by the renter, the renter would be negligent and therefore liable for the damage caused. Although the property may be insured, the insurance carrier of the Landlord would subrogate and may bring legal action against the tenant. Personal Property coverage would provide protection against theft, fire and water damage to the contents of the renter. The Landlord's insurance does not cover the tenant's property in any way; neither does it allow for legal protection of the tenant. Should a tenant not be interested in this valuable protection, we recommend purchasing the minimum available personal property coverage with the minimum liability protection of $100,000. This coverage would cost in the range of $100-$300 per year depending on the region of the country and the specific insurance carrier underwriting the risk. You may obtain a Renters Insurance quote online at: WEBSITELINK

How  Much  Life  Insurance  Does  A  Soldier  Have?
Soldiers are automatically enrolled in the VA's group life insurance plan (SGLI) at a face amount of $400,000. There is a low cost charge to the individual being insured. If the soldier does not want that much, he/she can choose to reduce the face amount. There are also some options to insure his/her family.

Can  I  Take  Out  Life  Insurance  On  A  Relative?
You can take out life insurance on a relative with whom you have an insurable interest in their life. This means that there would be a financial loss to you if this relative passed. E.g. If you live with one of your adult children and share expenses with them, you would have an insurable interest in your child. The other part to taking out a life insurance policy on a relative or any other person, is that they must sign the application, thus giving you permission to take out life insurance on them. If there is an exam or phone interview required, they must agree to doing those things, as well.

Is  Part  A  Medicare  Free?
No, Medicare Part A was paid for through your FICA tax when you were employed, so when you retire you have no premium taken out of your Social Security for Part A. If you did not work the required amount of hours then you can buy into the Medicare system by paying a premium.

Does  Dave  Ramsey  Recommend  Disability  Insurance?
Yes, Dave Ramsey does recommend Disability Insurance. In fact he considers Long Term Disability Insurance a necessity for most full time workers. He recommends buying it through your work place if that is available. If not offered there, he says to try an association, and then buy privately if unable to get through an association. But buy it.

What  Company  Has  The  Cheapest  Car  Insurance  In  Montana?
Depending on which part of the state you live in the rates are quite competitive. A good example here in Kalispell the rates are lower then Columbia falls and Missouls but higher then Kila. It is important to compare rates with many carriers, also find an agent that you can trust and feel comfortable with. You can get quotes online but most of them are not as cheap as a local agent. A local agent can compare rates with many carriers and make sure that you are properly protected and also give you all the discounts that are available. doing an online only quote you could be missing out on a huge saving I recommend you call and agent.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Work?
Renters insurance can be very beneficial. As far as "Does it work" the answer is yes. to give you an example we had an insured with 5 small children and they lived in an home they were renting they lost everything clothes toys and everything they owned. Not only did they get 40 thousand dollars to replace the belonging but they also had 3,000 to cover the expense to stay in a motel given back to them all for $100 a year for the insurance. Yes renters Insurance works

How  Much  Is  Car  Insurance  For  A  18  Year  Old  In  Texas?
This is a very broad question. There are so many different factors that affect rating. Age is a big factor when we are refferring to individuals below age 25, however it isn't the only factor. I would recommend you to shop around. Each insurance company weigh age differently.

How  Does  Life  Insurance  Pay  For  Funeral  Expenses?
Life insurance pays the face amount to the beneficiary who can then use the money to pay for the funeral expenses. You can also sign over the policy to the funeral home and the company would pay the funeral home directly. How you choose to set it up depends on the circumstances and size of he policy. If you or your loved one is in poor health and may be going into a nursing home a good agent familiar with Medicaid laws can help you make the right choice and provide options that will protect you from Medicaid spend down. A younger person with a large face amount would want to make his spouse or trust the beneficiary. Again, a good agent can help set this up for you.

Can  You  Hide  Smoking  From  Life  Insurance  Companies?
I certainly wouldn't try to hid nicotine from a life insurance application. There are policies that don't require medical but they will find out when they pull your medical records. It isn't a good idea to fib for this will be in your insurance history for life, all health, life etc applications can see your trail and history of how questions are answered. Here's what I suggest, buy a small term life insurance policy, work on quitting and when you are successfully clean after 12 months, shop again for life insurance, at 12 months clean you are able to qualify for preferred rates pending there aren't any other issues. Good luck!

What  Is  A  Cheap  Car  Insurance  For  Young  Drivers?
Auto isurance rate vary from carrier to carrier and geographic location to geographic location. Call local agents in your area to discuss coverage availability and pricing. Select an agent that you feel comfortable working with and that you will do the best job looking out for your's and your family's coverage needs.

Will  We  Be  Required  To  Have  Health  Insurance?
You will be required to have health insurance in 2014. Oh, that pesky government! As part of the Affordable Care Act, you will be taxed if you don't have qualified coverage. Federal tax subsidies will be available and as mentioned below, full-time experienced brokers are the best resources to discuss the topic. Here's what to do. As experienced brokers, our job is to shop the best carriers in your area, and show you the lowest rates for the coverage you need. It may not be as expensive as you think and you may qualify for a big federal tax subsidy!

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Loss  Of  Belongings  Due  To  Bed  Bugs?
A homeowners policy is designed to pay for damages to your residence. The list of perils that the company insures against is lengthy but insects are specifically excluded in most policies. Eradication of bed bugs is not a covered loss under the policy. It is certainly a condition that should be corrected.

What  Is  Medicare  PQRI  Program?
The Medicare PQRI (Physician Quality Reporting Initiative) is now called the Medicare PQRS (Physician Quality Reporting System). It is an incentive program that encourages eligible professionals to report data on quality measures for services provided to Medicare Part B Fee-for-Service (FFS) beneficiaries. The incentive is a percentage of the Part B charges.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Adjustable  Beds?
Does health insurance cover adjustable beds? If it is medically necessary and you can obtain a physician's statement that it is needed for medical reasons, it may be possible to have it covered. Otherwise, based on my 32 years of experience, typically it is not covered on individual health insurance plans prior to 2014.

How  Long  Should  You  Carry  Disability  Insurance?
You should carry Disability Insurance as long as having your income is crucial to your family and financial goals. The chances of becoming disabled actually increase, the older you get. So the chances of your using your DI increase as you age. Again, if your income is no longer needed, you may no longer need to carry Disability Insurance. For most of us, that point does not come until we retire.

Does  Car  Insurance  Cover  Locking  Your  Keys  In  Your  Car?
There could be coverage for locking keys in your car if you carry roadside assistance or towing on your auto policy. Otherwise locking keys in the car is not a peril of an auto policy. Check with your local agent to see if you carry roadside coverage on your auto policy. Also if you do not have the coverage a good local agent may find you a reputable company who can come out and unlock your car at a reasonable rate.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Pet  Injury?
Homeowners policies routinely exclude coverage on animals, birds, fish or insects. There are companies that provide insurance for animals. Some automobile insurers will provide coverage for an animal injured in an auto accident.

Who  Provides  The  Cheapest  Car  Insurance?
Car insurance is regulated by each state's insurance commissioner. Therefore each company is going to reflect your driving record and how far you drive to work each day and if you use your car in your business and if you have a car that qualifies for discounts due to small engine or if you have the biggest engine and the loudest mufflers in town. Who provides the cheapest car insurance-you do.

I  Need  A  New  Life  Policy,  Term  Just  Expired
To determine your next steps, it would be important to know if you are still within 30 days of the term expiry (policy anniversary date). You may be able to change the premium mode from annual to monthly (if necessary) and continue the policy month to month at the new higher premium in the term policy until you can get a new policy. Also, does the term policy have a conversion provision and, if so, did it expire? Usually conversion ends at the end of the initial term period but sometimes it extends to a later age. Most importantly, are you insurable? If you are not, you need to work with a life insurance professional and the insurer to try to preserve the coverage you have if it is not too late. If you are insurable, find a life insurance professional and apply for coverage - and, as this situation suggests, maybe term is not right for you so plan on buying a permanent policy that can be designed to meet your needs.

How  Much  Does  Car  Insurance  Give  For  A  Totaled  Car?
When it is determined that the cost to repair a car is greater than the value of the car the adjuster contacts the owner and tells them of the decision. At that time the adjuster will make an offer for the car based upon current market conditions, minus the deductible if applicable. The insured can either accept or decline the offer. A settlement means that the company and the policyholder agree on the amount. The title to the car transfers to the insurance company.

Can  I  Have  Two  Types  Of  Health  Insurance?
Yes, you can generally have any number of health insurance plans you want. Several people have a primary and secondary health insurer. The secondary insurance typically covers health care costs that the primary insurance policy does not cover. If you do have two health insurance plans, you should be sure to make the health care provider well aware of this fact so they know to coordinate between the multiple insurers and bill accordingly.

Is  Mortgage  Insurance  And  Homeowners  Insurance  The  Same  Thing?
No, not really. Mortgage Insurance is usually a type of Life Insurance, customarily term, that is designed to cover an amount needed to pay off a mortgage n the event that the Homeowner dies. Homeowners' Insurance on the other hand is coverage that protectes your home from covered perils such as fire, wind, theft, etc.

Does  My  Auto  Insurance  Cover  A  Moving  Truck?
Great Qutestion. Generally personal car insurance does not cover a moving truck. Since a moving truck is consider a commercial vehicle. You can buy insurance from the moving company that rents you the truck. And always check with your current insurance compay for rules and regulation on that particular question.

What  Is  Retirement  Plan  Distribution?
When you look at retirement planning think of it as 4 phases. 1. contributions 2. accumulation 3. distribution 4.transfer. Contribution means how much money will i save each year in my savings vehicle. For example if i have a 401k and i decide i'm going to contribute $5,000 a year that's my contribution. Accumulation means my $5,000 will grow over time in my 401 k savings vehicle.for example $5,000 grows in 20 years @7% would add up to $219,325. Distribution is i have saved $219,325 in my 401k account, I'm retired now and i need an income. You decide you want to take out 10% of 219,325. Your withdrawal would be $21,932. Now you can have early withdrawals but you have to be aware of which savings vehicle you have because there might be penalties and fees for early withdrawal depending on your age.Some savings vehicles have no penalties. You might want to look at different savings vehicles tha t suite your needs. Transfer is passing your money and assets to your kids,charity, or church when you pass away. Or maybe you have everything put into a trust.

What  Is  The  Best  Health  Insurance  For  Young  Adults?
The best health insurance for young persons is a policy that covers their conditions (if any) at the lowest available price. Often, that is either a "catastrophic" or "Bronze" plan. However, the "Silver" and "Gold" plans may be better options if there are expensive medications or ongoing procedures. Getting unbiased and professional help will save you hours of research and money! There are specific plans set up for college students and persons under age 26. LIVE answer provided by: Ed Harris - Premier health insurance broker for 33 years and owner of several top-rated websites that offer the lowest available rates for young adults.

Why  Does  My  Life  Insurance  Send  Me  A  Letter  Every  Year  Saying  The  Policy  Expires  In  2  Years?
It is impossible to ascertain what is going on without seeing your original policy and the letters you are getting every two years, but it sounds like you may have purchased a Universal Life policy. The maturity date may have been based on current interest rate and cost of insurance (COI), then either the interest rate went down, or the COI went up, or both. If that is the case, then you may need to increase your premium in order for your policy to be paid up in 25 years. In fact, if you are getting letters saying it is going to expire soon, you may need to increase the premium just to keep it in effect. If you ask them for a current policy illustration, that will show you how long your policy is guaranteed to last with your current premium. It may be that you just need to pay a little extra one month to get your policy back on track. If it truly does need a large infusion of premium to keep it in effect, you will need to determine whether that is worth it. If your husband has excellent health, he may be able to find a permanent policy that is guaranteed not to lapse until the end of his life, without paying a lot more than what he is paying now. If his health has declined, and there are some guarantees in his current policy, it may work out best to just adjust what you have.

What  Exactly  Does  Graded  Whole  Life  Insurance  Mean?
Great question. These are the questions that should be asked before signing up for a policy. A graded policy normally will not pay out full benefits within a certain amount of time (such as 2 years) if death occurs from natural causes. So if a person were to have a graded policy and dies within the 1st year, more than likely the beneficiary will get just the premiums that were paid in that year plus maybe another 10% or so as an example.

How  Much  Does  Home  Insurance  Cost  Per  Month  In  West  Virginia?
According to Home Insurance LLC, the average annual home owners insurance premium in West Virginia is $875. Please keep in mind that his average assumes that you live in an average priced home with average risk factors. Additional assessment of your specific home and risk factors may increase or decrease your annual premium.

Can  Anyone  Buy  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  On  Someone  Else?
In order to take a policy out on another individual you must have some sort of insurable interest. A family member, an employer, a creditor, are all examples of insurable interest. The party being insured must also have knowledge and approve of the insurance and sign the application.

How  Can  I  Get  Health  Insurance  If  I  Am  Overweight?
It depends on your BMI (body metric index). If your BMI is less than 40 you may be able to buy individual insurance. Employer group health insurance plans generally cannot deny coverage regardless of pre-existing conditions. Your state may have an assigned risk pool, carrier of last resort, or other guaranteed issue policies.

What  Is  Disability  Insurance  For?
Disability Insurance, also commonly referred to in the insurance world as "paycheck protection," pays a benefit to the insured should she become disabled (sick or injured) and unable to work. The monthly benefit typically covers 60-65% of one's income and can be used for rent, bills, groceries, medical co-pays, etc.

What  Is  The  Top  Rated  Auto  Insurance  Company?
There are actually many top-rated auto insurance companies. The reason is that there are many types of ratings to consider and also numerous rating Agencies. Typically, the highest-rated carriers are often the largest insurers, such as Geico, Progressive, State Farm, Farmers, Nationwide and Allstate. However, companies such as Esurance and Safe Auto have been expanding market share in certain areas and should often be considered when comparing rates. An experienced broker can easily compare the top-rated carriers in your area, and recommend the most affordable options.

Is  There  A  Minimum  Percentage  Of  Premiums  That  Disability  Carriers  Have  To  Pay  Out  For  Claims?
Yes, across the country most, if not all, departments of insurance regulators require a minimum percentage of the premiums to be paid back to the policy holders. Depending on the state, the average requirement is between 60% and 65%. Generally, what you will see is the actual claims results increasing this percentage during periods of recession as many policy holders are inclined to go out on claim as a result of diminishing employment opportunities.

Will  My  Home  Insurance  Go  Up  If  I  Make  A  Claim?
It is possible that you will see an increase in your Homeowners' premium at renewal if you make a claim. That is tending to be the common practice among Home Insurance providers, generally speaking. While some claims cannot be avoided - those resulting from severe storms for example, you can reduce the possibility of a claim by properly maintaining your home and property. Trim over hanging tree branches and shrubbery around your home. These simple examples can reduce the risk of a tree falling on your roof or someone using your landscaping to hide a break in.

What  Is  A  Taft-Hartley  Retirement  Plan?
Taft-Hartley retirement plans are retirement plans for union members and their families. Benefits and contributions are negotiated as part of the CBA. Management and oversight of a T-H plan is usually handled by a third party administrator that is contracted by the union. Some large plans (such as the Teamsters) represent more than one union group.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Injury?
If a homeowner is liable to an injury of another party then under the personal liability section of your homeowners policy there would becoverage Any potential injury needs to be discussed with your agent andinsurancecompany to determine if there iscoveragefor the injury you may have caused.

Can  A  Non  Citizen  Get  Life  Insurance?
A non citizen can get life insurance with most companies if they have a green card or an H-1b work visa. Some companies do require that the applicant be a US citizen before allowing them to get a life insurance policy, and some will only allow green cards but not work visas. Contact an agent to find out which companies will work for your situation.

How  Does  Type  Of  Car  Affect  Insurance?
Each automobile is assigned a symbol based upon its year, make and model. The symbol reflects the anticipated cost of paying claims on that vehicle. Vehicles with a high horsepower to weight ratio tend to have a higher incident of claims than 4 door sedans with 4 cylinder automatic engines. This approach tries to make the collection of premium reflect the actual cost of insuring a particular car.

Is  Disability  Insurance  Payments  Taxable?
In Canada, disability insurance payments are usually structured so that the payment is tax free. This applies to individual plans as well as group plans. The basic principle is, if the premium is paid with after tax dollars, then the benefit is tax free. If the premium is deducted as an expense (employee benefit), then the benefit payment is taxable. That is why with group insurance plans the premium split is structured so that the employee pays the Long Term Disability (LTD) portion of the premium. This is done to keep the benefit tax free. Plans can be structured to provide a benefit to employees with the company paying the premium on the policies and deducting it as an expense. Certain rules need to be followed. Here is an overview: Company pays premium for coverage, gets the deduction, employee does not pay tax on the premium "benefit", but any disability benefit is taxable. In order to offset the income tax, the amount of coverage the employee is permitted to apply for is increased. If you have any further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Is  There  An  Affordable  Life  Insurance  Policy  For  My  93  Year  Old  Dad?
I regret to say that I personally do not know of any life insurance companies that will issue a new policy to someone past age 90. Most affordable final expense policies have an age limit of age 80 or 85. Now is a good time to purchase a final expense policy for yourself, if you don't have one yet.

How  Much  More  Is  Health  Insurance  For  Smokers?
Starting in 2014, insurance companies can charge you up to 50% more for premiums than someone who doesn't use tobacco. However it is not a given that because the federal government allows this rate band that it will effect you.For Instancehere in New Jersey health insurers will not be allowed to vary health insurance premiums based on smoking status. Bottom line is that premiums can not vary by morethan50% because of smoking status and that the final decision on whether smoking status will effect premiums is left to be decided on the state level.

Do  I  Need  Medicare  If  I  Have  Health  Insurance?
If you have current health insurance provided by your employer, and it is a comprehensive plan covering office visits, prescriptions and major medical, you should continue on that plan, assuming that rates are low or the employer is paying the premium. If you are age 65 or older,and are covered under a group plan at work, you will still be eligible for an Open Enrollment for a Medicare Supplement plan when you lose your existing coverage. It will be best to utilize an experienced broker and/or a reputable national website when you are in that situation. There will be many plan options available.

When  Is  It  Too  Late  To  Get  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Its too late to get long term care insurance once you've registered in a nursing home care facility. Its too late to get long term care insurance once you've had a major medical event that has health or lifestyle impact that causes you to be uninsurable. Its too late to get long term care insurance past a certain age because the cost is prohibitive.

Why  Is  Auto  Insurance  Expensive?
Several factors affect car insurance rates, among them claims and violation history within the last 36 months, the age of all drivers in the household, the location of the risk, type and value of vehicle being insured, marital status of the insured and drivers, credit rating of named insured in Maryland and most states, use of vehicle, These discount may also impact your rates: prior insurance home owners good student multiple car marriage prior higher liability limits at least 6 months of prior coverage educational level profession and job type length of time licensed

Does  Life  Insurance  Test  Urine?
Each life insurance company has death benefit amount thresholds that require urine analysis testing. A urine analysis is a biological chemistry expose of your bodys elimination or lack thereof. A urine test checks for waste products from the kidneys, nicotine use, drug use, glucose and nitrate levels as well as specific gravity and protein amounts.

Does  Edward  Jones  Offer  Health  Insurance?
This is a good question. The employer will normally determine employee eligibility. Some factors are full or part time, hours worked and there may be a waiting period. You can apply for your own individual health plan and if you change careers you won't have to worry about your health plan terminating with your job.

What  Does  Permanent  Disability  Insurance  Cover?
What does permanent disability cover? This appears to be a mixed question so lets see if I can make mud out of it. What defines "permanent disability"? For the absolute best it would read as follows.." unable to do the material aspects of their current occupation and under a doctor's care. " That describes the best disability language you can get.

Why  Do  People  Hate  Annuities?
People don't hate annuities. But certain sectors of the financial community dislike annuities because of it's tax deferral and longer term commitment, i.e. they can't move it. Product competitors like mutual fund purveyors, promote the so called negative aspect of annuities to prop up their own product line.

When  Should  You  Stop  Buying  Term  Life  Insurance?
You should stop buying term life insurance once your financial goals are met. If you are debt free, no loved one depends on your income, or your business would thrive without you, then it is probably time to stop buying term life insurance. It may also be time to consider either converting or purchasing cash value life insurance to protect your insurability and to have the flexibility to use the cash value funds for other things such as retirement or an unforeseen critical illness.

Is  Medicare  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Technically, no. Medicare was designed to help the elderly pay for acute sickness and accidents from whichone can heal relatively quickly. It does not cover chronic illness or prolonged rehabilitation from an accident. However, Medicare will provide payment of costs for some "short-term" recovery for the elderly that are enrolled in Medicare part A & B. There are prequalifications and limitations to what it will pay for, how much it will pay, the type of care it will pay for, and for how long (maximum of 100 days). Payment for long-term care is usually paid out of pocket, or by Medicaid (Medical in CA). To receive payment for care from the latter, one must be "impoverished" as defined by the state that they live in, and they usually must be in a facility (Medicaid/Medical only pay a few hundred dollars a month of home care). The only other solution to the problem of paying for long-term care, either at home or in a facility, is long-term care insurance (LTCi). This sector of the health insurance industry is in a bit of turmoil right now and if you have decided that you want to explore LTCi, make sure that you work with someone that is a specialist in this area. There are an infinite number of designs in coverage which can vary the cost (premium) by thousands of dollars a year. Also, be sure that you are working with agents that only work with the best LTCi companies in the industry, those that have strong financials, high ratings, and are committed to the field. The most important thing is to have a plan. Your plan may or may not include LTCi. But, if it does, buy no later than your mid-fifties as the price really starts to climb after that. Dont depend on Medicare for the payment of long-term care costs.

Which  Health  Insurance  Is  Most  Popular?
Having worked in the health insurance business for over 35 years I can tell you the most popular health insurance plan is usually the one that delivers the least value and doesn't work well when you need it the most. Popular plans have doctor and Rx copay's but often only cover a few drugs. Popular plans have a lot of moving parts and an unpredictable maximum out of pocket.

What  Is  The  Cheapest  Website  For  Car  Insurance?
The cheapest website for car insurance? As an experienced car broker (33 years), naturally, I am biased to my own top-rated website. However, in fairness, there are many reputable and reliable websites that offer competitive prices. However, it's important to utilize a resource that constantly updates information and provided accurate rates.

What  Is  Supplemental  Executive  Retirement  Plan?
A supplementae executive retirement plan or SERP is a form of non-qualified deferred compensation. Since the planned is non-qualified, the employer has the ability to select who participate in the plan (i.e. they can choose to offer such a plan only to a select number of employees and do not have to make the offer to everyone). Traditionally the plans are set up as additional retirement benefits to an employee who is highly coveted by the employer. The plans are used as an incentive to keep certain key employees and disuade them from leaving the employer. The retirement benefits offered under the plan are only payable to the employee if he or she stays at the employer for a certain period of time, which can be a rather longer period of time.

How  To  Evaluate  Disability  Insurance?
To evaluate Disability Insurance, you want to be sure to compare similar plans so that you are comparing "apples to apples" price-wise. You most likely want to include "own occupation" so that you can be paid if you cannot perform your own job, not just any job. You will want a "residual" benefit in case you can work some, but not as many hours as before, or not produce as much as before in the hours that you work, or not make as much for what you do accomplish, due to your disability. You want to make sure it lasts as long as you would want, and that you most likely will have enough resources on hand to get you through whatever elimination period you select.

Why  Do  Health  Insurance  Rates  Increase?
Health insurance rates increase because the underlying cost of health care services increases every year and our population's average consumption of health care services has been increasing for many years. If the cost of gasoline steadily rises and at the same time you are driving more miles each year then you understand it costs you more to operate your car. Health care services are the gasoline and using more health care per person is the increased miles driven part of the analogy above. That addresses the basic economic factors that have been happening for decades. Now add to those the impacts of the Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) and you have a whole new set of cost drivers being added to the equation. For example, ObamaCare does add taxes and fees to insurance plan costs and medical devices - these costs are passed on to the consumer. The law mandates that a wide range of preventive health care services must be covered at 100%, all policies must cover maternity (many individual policies didn't), no medical underwriting is allowed, polices must be guaranteed to be issued and pre-existing conditions must be covered immediately, and these are just some highpoints of the coverage changes now required. While all of these requirements may sound good, and they do benefit many people, there is no way around the fact that such changes will increase health care consumption even further. More demand for a finite resource equals higher costs. An aging American population is also a driver of increased health care consumption and, with the Baby Boom generation entering their retirement years, will be for years to come. This gives you a generaloutline of why your health insurance rates have been increasing and will continue to be increasing for the foreseeable future. As I described above, our nation has many structural issues that drive health insurance rates higher. Despite its name, the Affordable Care Act serves mainly to expand access to health insurance and health care but does very little to address any of the underlying factors that lead to higher health insurance rates.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  The  Lap  Band  Surgery?
Some health insurance plans will cover a percentage of the cost of bariatric surgeries (including lap bands) - you would be responsible for the difference. Please note, plans that provide coverage for it may have certain requirements be met for the plan to pay a benefit so you may want to verify with the carrier what/if they will pay for a portion of the surgery. If you're unsure whether your health plan provides coverage for the procedure, you can check the language inside of your policy, or contact your agent/the carrier to find out. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your program and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

How  Much  Is  Renters  Insurance  Through  Geico?
Geico itself does not generally issue renters insurance but rather brokers it through other insurance carriers. Still the price will depends on the value of the items you wish you cover, the location of the apartment or home rented, your heating source, and other risk assessment variables. Because of the degree of variability it is difficult to give a general answer to cost, but you can easily obtain this answer by contacting Geico's customer service for a quote.

Is  It  Easy  To  Sell  Life  Insurance?
I would have to say that it is not easy to sell life insurance unless you are gifted in a number of areas. A good life insurance agent must be a good listener as well as an articulate talker; as good at handling written communication as at handling numbers; have some medical knowledge in addition to financial knowledge; be caring but professional. On top of that, you need the funds and training to get your feet on the ground and become successful. For the person who has all that in one package, selling life insurance could be easy. For most people, it is hard work.

Why  Would  Homeowners  Insurance  Go  Up?
There are many possible reasons as to why your homeowners insurance premium would rise. Not all of the reasons are under your control. Some of the more obvious reasons for an increase in your homeowners insurance premium are: inflation (the insurance carrier generally incurs more costs each year), claims that you may have filed, a change in your credit rating, an increase in homeowners claims within your carrier or your geographic area, or increases in valuation of properties in your geographic area just to name a few.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Electrical  Surges?
Yes it does. If you suffer such a loss as a result of a direct or indirect lightening strike, for example, then any damage to your electrical system, well pump, appliances and even in some cases, lost food out of your freezer and refrigerator should be covered. This last one, of course, would be a result of a long term power outage.

How  Can  I  Save  Money  For  Retirement?
That is an excellent question! There are several really good ways to start your retirement planning, and I will tell you that the sooner you start, the easier it is. If your employer offers a retirement plan where they will match your contribution, or match a percentage, do it! They are giving you "free" money. If they offer an HSA ( Health savings Account), contribute to that also.By contributing regularly and often to these accounts, you will have a good start to having an affordable retirement. There are definitely other things that you could do, and it would require far more conversation and space than we have here. If you would like more information, feel free to contact me, ok? Thanks for asking!

What  Is  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Program?
The Long Term Care Insurance Program you may be referring to is the Federal Long Term Care Insurance Program. It is a program that provides group long term care insurance to federal employees, US Postal Service employees and annuitants, active and retired members of the uniformed services, and their qualified relatives.

Which  Companies  Sell  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
In recent years there has been a reduction in the number of Long Term Care Companies. Some of the remaining carriers are Genworth , Mutual of Omaha,and Transamerica . "Hybrid" policies are relatively new option for Long Term Care. Contact a local agent for addressing the options available your specific needs .

How  Long  Has  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Been  Around?
Long term care insurance is a relatively new form of insurance. It has been around since the early 1970s. In those early days, it was primarily seen as "nursing home" insurance that provided indemnity benefits. Indemnity policies pay a specified amount for each day of covered services regardless of the actual costs incurred by the insured. It has evolved beyond this limited beginning to reimburse the insured for costs he or she incurs for comprehensive covered services in one's home or in a nursing home or assisted living facilities up to a daily, weekly or monthly maximum stated by the policy.

Does  Kaiser  Accept  Medicare  Patients?
Yes, Kaiser does Accept Medicare Patients. I would recommend contacting a broker to talk about your options with Kaiser. Be sure to understand and review all the benefits you have. I continue to hear about people who get upset when it comes time to pay for services. There is a lot of confusion.

What  Do  Life  Insurance  Companies  Test  Your  Blood  For?
Life insurance companies can test your blood for many items contained in a screening. They may include nicotine, drug use, cholesterol levels, lipid levels and many other items that help the insurer determine the best rate to offer. A broker can help you determine the best insurer to use based on your results.

How  To  Calculate  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Long term care insurance is a morbidity product that is underwritten on the basis on medical and behavioral information. Medical information is based on your gender, age, smoking status, health history and current medical condition. Behavioral information is based on motor vehicle records, vocational and recreational hazards.

What  Is  Key  Man  Disability  Insurance?
Key Man DI (also known as Key Person DI) is a coverage that would pay benefits to a business to cover the financial loss if a vital employee became disabled due to an illness or injury. Any business that would find it hard to replace an employee, or any business that wouldnt be able to function without a specific employee, needs Key Man DI. And if a company had more than one key person whose absence would bring the business to a halt, then DI can be purchased for more than one Key Man."

Do  Any  Insurance  Companies  Cover  Medical  Marijuana?
This is a very new treatment that doesn't have much support. You may have to just wait it out until new regulations are in place.

How  Long  Does  It  Usually  Take  To  Get  A  Life  Insurance  Check?
You will usually receive your check within a couple weeks of submitting proof of death to the insurance company in the event of a death claim as long as their are no reasons to dispute the claim. If you are surrendering your policy or taking a loan then again two to three weeks after mailing the paperwork would be normal.

Does  The  Irs  Take  Money  From  Life  Insurance?
In general, life insurance proceeds paid directly to your named beneficiary are not taxable nor are they attachable by creditors. Assuming your beneficiary invests the proceeds, then any interest or income that is drived from that investment will then, of course,be taxable and the responsibility of your beneficiary.

Is  Life  Insurance  Considered  Community  Property  In  Connecticut?
Connecticut is not a community property state, so life insurance would not be considered community property there. There may be additional state rules regarding assets owned by married couples, but community property is not one of them. Assets like life insurance, specifically cash value life insurance can often be subject to negotiation regarding splitting values between parties during divorce.

Who  Can  Get  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Anyone can apply to get long term insurance, however there is underwriting involved. Unlike with life insurance, where the insurance companies figures out how long before you die. With LTC insurance, the insurance company figures out how long you will live. Underwriting can be difficult to pass if you have a history of health problems. Many Annuities now come with Long Term Care riders, in the event you need to go into a nursing home, where the account value doubles, or triples. Also a new type of life insurance policy allows an accelerated death benefit, in the event you have a critical illness, or need to go into a nursing home. This policy allows you to take part of your death benefit, while leaving something to your beneficiaries.

Why  Take  Out  Life  Insurance  On  A  Child?
Taking out a life insurance policy on a child will provide a lower premium than what it will be when they are older and it provides insurability. Some policies after being issued willallow a child at different pre-assigned ages to increase the policy value without a medical exam and for only the cost of the premium for the extra coverage addedto the policy.

How  Do  I  Choose  The  Right  Health  Insurance  Plan?
Congratulations! You have asked the question that millions of Americans are struggling with and will be struggling with for years to come. Without being self-serving to my industry, find yourself an experienced and well qualified health insurance agent to shop the market for you and to explain the fine details of the options available to you. The Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) has accomplished what many thought impossible - making health insurance more expensive and even more complicated to understand than it already was. Buying health insurance online, whether it's through the government marketplaces or private sites, is not like shopping around for the best deal on a hotel room or an airplane ticket. You will encounter a bizarre world of seemingly similar looking insurance products with wildly different prices or similarly priced products with wildly different benefit designs. I guide people through this maze and it really doesn't matter if they have a 10th grade education or a PhD, they are amazed at the subtle differences I have to point out that make the real differences in the health insurance products they purchase. For example, one insurance carrier here in Tennessee offers identical insurance products in the government marketplace but has three different PPO network options attached to them. The average person would look at these products, determine that the benefits are the same and so why not pick the one with the lowest monthly premium? What they have painfully learned later is that they have enrolled in a health plan with a very narrow network of doctors, hospitals and pharmacies. The hospital a few miles from their house that they assumed was in-network because it is part of the overall health system they have been familiar with in the past turns out not to be included in this narrow network product and instead they may have to go across town or to another county (in more rural areas) to go to an in-network hospital. Another major carrier uses terms like "Local Preferred" and "National Preferred" to differentiate their products. A quick scan of the benefit summaries reveals only slight differences in office visit & prescription copays, deductibles and out-of-pocket maximums but unless you really dig deep you won't be able to figure out one limits your pharmacy choices significantly while the other does not. Other insurance companies whose plans people have been familiar with and even enrolled in for years have found that these company's products have transformed into products that now require primary care referrals for visits to specialists and other services or that they provide little or no coverage outside of their immediate geographic area. Just this week I spent about 3 hours explaining his different options to a man in his early 30's who is smart enough to run his own business and who has been my customer for 6 years. The next morning he had his mother call me so I could explain the same things to her so she could help him feel good about his final decision. This is the reality of what the average consumer is now faced with in today's health insurance marketplace. My advice, it's a jungle out there. Don't go in without a trained guide and beware of these so called "navigators" and "assistants" they are unlicensed, poorly trained (perhaps good intentioned) individuals who can do little more than read the same material on a computer that you can see.

What  Is  A  Good  Age  To  Buy  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
A good age to buy long-term care insurance is when you are in a good financial position and have some extra disposable income. Also, if your health is good, you'll save thousands of dollars (potentially) in premiums. Need specific numbers? How about between 35-50? As an experienced broker, that's my best estimate. But yes, as I have stated many times, an experienced FULL-TIME broker is a great resource for this information.

How  Do  I  Calculate  Retirement  Savings?
If you are asking how do youcalculate how much do you need to save for retirement there is a process to follow. First you need to determine what retirement success looks like to you. Your retirement planner may be trained to help you if not a lifestyle planner could. The next step to figure out what that lifestyle wouldcostand make a retirementbudget. Now you can do somemeaningfulcalculations. Total up what income you expect from any government plans, pensionplans, etc. Compare this amount to your retirement lifestyle budget. The difference is what needs to be funded byadditionalsavings. There are calculators on the websites of financialinstitutionsto give you an idea. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me. If you would like to work with a local Retirement Planner, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: retirement planner Halifax or retirement planning Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find Retirement Planners in your community.

Does  Nevada  Have  No  Fault  Auto  Insurance?
We offer a optional coverage on you auto insurance called accident forgiveness. Which will keep your premium from going up if you are found at fault in an accident. If you have any questions about this coverage you can give me a call or e-mail me at kboyle@farmeragent.com.

How  Do  I  Get  Proof  Of  Renters  Insurance?
If you currently have renters insurance, I would suggest contacting the carrier of the policy or your local agent and request a copy of your policy or a proof of insurance document. Within a couple of weeks at most after signing up for the coverage you should have received your policy documents electronically or in paper form.

Is  Long  Term  Healthcare  Insurance  Necessary?
Any type of insurance involves risk, and a synonym for risk is "chance". There is a chance that you may need long term care services someday. It could be because you had a surgery that requires extensive rehab, you were diagnosed with an illness that requires long term treatment, you got Alzheimer's or dementia and could not be trusted alone, or you simply lost the strength to care for yourself. Whether or not you need to plan for that contingency probably depends on how drastically that would affect you. If you have very little income and assets, Medicaid will cover you when your assets have been spent down. If you have a very large amount of income and assets, you may be able to pay for the care yourself. It is those in the middle who have the most to consider. For some, long term healthcare will be necessary when they look at the big picture. For others, it won't. it is really impossible to answer that question for anyone else.

Can  A  Quadriplegic  Buy  Life  Insurance?
This is certainly not my specialty but I am relatively confident that a quadriplegic would be able to find life insurance. There are agencies that specialize in unusual risks and you would be well served to locate one. Peggy Mace is one of the contributors and that is her specialty, I believe.

When  Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Pay  For  A  New  Roof?
For the most part, when your roof is substantially damaged as a result of a covered peril, it may be possible that the cost to replace that roof may be covered under your policy, subject to your deductible of course. To gain a better understanding of the specific terms and conditions of your policy, it is always best to talk to your Insurance Professional.

Why  Buy  Medicare  Supplemental  Insurance?
Medicare is not meant to cover all charges and if you rely on Medicare alone you can have a lot of out of pocket expenses. Medicare has large deductibles and copay's for hospital stays. There are annual deductibles for outpatient and doctor visits. Without a supplement you could owe thousands.

What  Is  A  Plan  Administrator  For  Health  Insurance?
Plan administrators are often used with an employer group health insurance plan, especially if the plan is self funded. In a self funded plan a trust is established to hold and manage employer and employee contributions to the loss fund. The administrator is responsible for reviewing and adjudicating claims and paying the ones that are approved.

Is  A  Psychologist  Covered  By  Health  Insurance?
The short answer to this question is "some times." Psychology is usually is covered by most health insurance plans, but not always. It is also important to note that most insurance policies will have a limit on the number of visits that are covered each year, and that not all psychologists accept all health insurance policies. Before seeking care from a psychologist, you should make sure they accept your personal health insurance policy, and also contact your insurance provider or consult your policy to find out if there are any limits on the number of visits covered each calendar year. Some companies may also require you to see your primary care doctor in order to receive a referral to see a psychologist. If you do not yet have health coverage, I would encourage you to consult an independent licensed, certified health insurance agent that can review your situation and make a recommendation on which policy would be best for you based on your personal needs.

How  Much  Life  Insurance  Does  A  Single  Person  Need?
Great question! The answer depends on a number of factors. Does the single person have dependents? What is the goal for the life insurance? That may sound like a silly question, but Life Insurance can be a whole lot more than insurance against dying too soon. Whole Life insurance can provide a good source of tax-free retirement income. It can be used for college funding. It can be used as a personal bank/ credit union where you can use tax-free money at very low interest to buy things. Talk with a knowledgeable Insurance Adviser who can help you determine the amount of insurance you need.

Can  You  Use  Life  Insurance  As  Collateral?
Yes, you can use life insurance as collateral. Many lenders require purchase of Term life insurance as collateral for individuals to obtain small business loans. The insured person and lender simply sign a collateral assignment form that assigns to the lender the amount of life insurance that is needed to cover repayment of the loan. The remainder of the death benefit is paid to the beneficiary of the borrower's choice. Sometimes business use life insurance on a key employee to obtain business expansion loans.

Is  Transamerica  Life  Insurance  Good?
Transamerica Life Insurance Company is highly rated and carries a variety of products. Transamerica America Family Markets offers a term life insurance product that provides living benefits, as well. To find competitive quotes for Transamerica and many other good life insurance companies, visit a website that provides instant life insurance quotes. That way you can compare prices all in one spot.

What  Does  Basic  Medicare  Cover?
Basic Medicare, Medicare Part A and Part B cover most health care that is considered to be medically necessary. Cosmetic surgery for vanity reasons is an example of something that is not medically necessary. Part A covers hospital inpatient related charges after you have satisfied your deductible. Part B covers outpatient charges after the deductible.

What  Company  Has  The  Cheapest  Renters  Insurance  In  New  Jersey?
The desire to have Renters Insurance is one that varies in different geographic areas; the decision to purchase Renters Insurance is either due to sense of responsibility,the requirement by the Landlord or both! The mostaffordable Renters Insurance in New Jersey is underwritten by Stillwater Insurance Group. Renters Insurance is a very valuable and inexpensive option to cover the tenant fromthe results of a Negligent Act; this would be covered by the Personal Liability section of the policy,this part is also not subject to the deductible on the policy. In addition to the Personal Liability section,thepolicy will offer protection for Personal Contents against a number of perils including Fire, Theft, Water Damage and a number of additional perils listed on the specific policy. Coverage forms vary from State to State. There is an online method to obtain a quote and purchase renters insurance online directly in multiple States; the following linkwill be very helpful: WEBSITELINK It is our recommendation to select the highest available Liability Limit, the sufficient amount of Personal Property and a high deductible; these selections will produce ample coverage with a low premium rate. For additional questions and/or assistance not available on the automated process, we recommend contacting a licensed professional for guidance.

Can  I  Have  Car  Insurance  From  Another  State?
Your auto insurance policy will cover you in all 50 states and US territories and Canada so you never have to worry about a coverage gap as you take that cross country trip with your family. If you move to a different state, that coverage will follow you, however, in most cases, states will have a regulation stipulating that you will need to register your car in that state within a certain period of time after establishing residency. In CT the time frame is 30 days. BecauseCT also requires that you have proof of car insurance issued in CT, you willhave to obtain insurance here in order to register your car. I believe that most states have similar regulations.

Will  Medicare  Pay  For  Colonoscopy  Screening?
Medicare will cover a colonoscopy screening one every 2 years if you're considered to be at high risk for colon cancer. If your doctor accepts assignment, Medicare would cover the screening at 100% (you pay nothing). If your doctor does not accept assignment, then Medicare will cover 80% of the expenses. You would be responsible for the other 20% and the part B deductible may apply.A Medigap plan F can cover the other 20% of expenses and part B deductible if your doctor doesn't accept assignment. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

What  Is  A  Good  Age  To  Get  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
There is no perfect age to get long term care insurance. However, by purchasing coverage between the ages of 40 and 55, assuming you are in good health, you will, of course, receive much better rates than if you wait until after 60, when your health and the price will change. A full-time broker or financial planner (NOT a marketer, radio/tv person, part-timer, or amateur) is your best resource for ACCURATE information.

Is  Life  Insurance  Permitted  In  Islam?
There are many who believe that due to its use of chance and interest, insurance is haram or sinful. Due to the spiritual nature of this question, it is one best answered by seeking the advise of an imam. The imam would best be able to guide you to the correct answer regarding Islam's position on insurance.

Why  Do  Republicans  Want  To  Cut  Medicare?
Cuts to Medicare can be shared by both parties. Medicare is a boondoggle created by LBJ and never designed to be self supporting. For the last few years Medicare has paid out more than it takes in which means the future is cloudy. Obamacare, a plan designed and passed into law without a single Republican vote strips over $700 billion from Medicare funding.

What  Does  No  Claims  Discount  Mean  On  Car  Insurance?
Auto rates are set for standard risks. By not filing a claim you are distinguishing yourself as a somewhat better risk. In view of that the company is reducing the premium on your car. It does raise a serious question when you do encounter a potential claim. Unless the claim involves bodily injury or great liability you might want to call your agent prior to reporting the accident to your claims department.

How  Much  Disability  Insurance  Can  You  Buy?
How much disability insurance can you buy? Well, here's a secret that not many people know about. Normally, if you have group insurance and individual disabiliy insurance, it's a combination between the two till you hit 70% of your income.So if your group covers 60% of your income, your individual will top out at 10%. Now, if you have no group disability in place when you purchase individual, you can get up to 70% in income covered. Then if you join a group plan, the two combine and can push the total well over 100% of your income. So if you know kids finishing college or advanced schooling, get them to consider disability now! before they go to work.

Will  Medicare  Cover  A  Hospital  Bed?
Medicare Part B covers hospital beds as a type of durable medical equipment (DME) - it must be prescribed for use in your home by a doctor and the doctor is enrolled in Medicare. Medicare will generally cover 80% of the expenses with you responsible for the other 20%. You will want to find out if the supplier accepts assignment (accepting the Medicare-approved amount as payment in full) - if they do not, you would be responsible for any excess charges. I highly recommend securing a Plan F or G Medicare supplement to cover any excess charges.

How  Do  Fixed  Annuity  Companies  Make  Money?
Companies which offer Fixed Annuities & Fixed Indexed Annuities make money in several different strategies depending on the product. Some annuities have caps. The company will make money from interest earned over the cap. Other annuity products have spreads or fees meaning they will take a % which is set at the time the contract is taken. Others will have participation rates meaning you participate or get a % of the interest which was earned. There are a few other ways as well. if you have a specific question about an annuity you are looking at, do not hesitate to call your Broker or reach out to me.

Will  Medicare  Pay  For  Non  Emergency  Transportation?
Medicare can pay for non-emergency transportation if that form of transportation is needed to prevent endangerment of your health, and if you need to be transported to a place where your health can be diagnosed or treated. You might also be able to have Medicare cover non emergency transportation if you are confined to bed and that is the only way that you can be transported to get the medical care you need.

Does  A  Mother's  Health  Insurance  Cover  A  Newborn?
If the mother notifies her health insurance carrier on a timely basis, usually within 30 days of the birth, the newborn should have coverage under the mother's health insurance plan. Check your policy for the exact notification time frame. Once approved, the coverage should begin at birth even though you are notifying the carrier after the fact.

What  Happens  When  You  Stop  Paying  Life  Insurance?
Life insurance is a contract. Term life insurance is a contract based on the exchange of premiums for coverage. If you stop paying premiums and youre past the reinstatement period, youve lost coverage and may be required to re-qualify for coverage. Permanent forms of life insurance with accumulated cash values may be able to sustain the policy without premiums for a time. To determine if your policy will continue without payments, order an in force ledger from your company. In your request for an in force ledger, ask them to illustrate the nonpayment of premiums under current policy expenses. This will give you an idea how long the policy will stay in force.

What  Is  Elephant  Car  Insurance  Like?
Elephant car insurance is a very reputable company that is slowly making their presence felt here in the US. Actually, I just wrote an article about Elephant for one of my websites. They are not yet in every state, but they are very consumer-oriented and their employees love working for the company. And of course, where available, their rates are also very competitive.

Will  Home  Insurance  Cover  My  Laptop?
Discuss the specific terms and conditions of your Homeowners policy with your Insurance Professional, but it is likely that your policy will provide some coverage, albeit limited, for your laptop. Naturally any loss settlement would be subject to your policy deductible and there may be certain "inside limits" for laptops, computers, tablets, etc. that cap the amount of coverage and causes of loss.

What  Is  Car  Insurance  Full  Coverage?
When full coverage is discussed in respect to automobile insuance coverage it typically includes: liability, property damage, medical expense, comprehensive ( other than collision ), collision, towing, and rental car reimbusement. Comprehensive ( other than collision ) and collision coverage typically have a deductible ( this is the portion that the insured is responsible forbefore the insurnace carrier pays their part ofany claim.

What  Information  Do  I  Need  For  Home  Insurance  Quote?
Well first congratulations on the possible purchase of a home. First we would need the physical address, then the details about the home. The location determines the fire department and distance from fire hydrants, if there are any. The details about the home, things like what type of construction it is, log or frame, and quality are important for us to calculate the cost to replace or repair the home if there was a claim. Also insurance companies need a bit of property history about you.. this is where having renters or some sort of property insurance history is good.

What  Are  The  Different  Kinds  Of  Annuities?
The different kinds of annuities have not just one, but a variety of features that make them different. Here are some of them. Keep in mind that each annuity will have a combination of these differing features. 1) Immediate vs Deferred. Immediate annuities are often single premium annuities and they begin making payments to the beneficiary almost immediately. Deferred annuities are often paid periodically, although they can also be paid in a single premium. Deferred annuities are not annuitized until after an extended accumulation period. 2) Single Premium or Multiple Premium. 3) Fixed, Indexed, or Variable. Fixed annuities have a guaranteed minimum interest rate that is paid on the premium paid for the annuity. Indexed annuities have a base interest rate but can perform above that through the use of market indexes. Variable annuities are invested in the stock or other markets and may or may not have guarantees.

Can  You  Be  Denied  Medigap  Insurance?
Yes. If you don't buy a Medigap plan during your initial open enrollment period (the 6-month window from your Medicare Part B effective date), you can be subject to medical underwriting if you do not qualify for a special enrollment period. If you're applying with medical underwriting, you have to answer the medical questions on a carrier's application. Depending on the responses, they will approve or decline you. Keep in mind, each carrier has different health questions so some may work better for your medical history than others. The BEST TIME TO BUY a Medigap plan is during your initial open enrollment period because there is NO medical underwriting. This means that regardless of your health status, you can buy any Medigap plan from any carrier in your area, again, with NO medical underwriting! I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for help and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Is  Globe  Life  Insurance  Legit?
Globe Life and Accident Insurance Company began in 1951 in Oklahoma City Oklahoma and is a subsidiary of Torchmark Corporation. The company has more than 66 billion in force. In 1972, Globe Life created Employee Services Division to service the Government organizations. It is one of the largest direct to consumer insurance companies in the U.S.

Is  Health  Insurance  Before  Taxes?
If you purchase your coverage through an employer, you may have the option to utilize a 125 plan to have pre-tax dollars withheld from your pay check to pay your premiums. However, for the vast majority of individuals purchasing their own coverage, insurance premiums are paid for with taxable dollars. One exception to this rule is anyone that is self employed, who is allowed to write off the cost of their health insurance on their tax return. However, even in such a case, the self employed individual must still FICA/self-employment taxes on these funds.

What  Are  Longevity  Annuities?
Assuming you mean any annuity that has the policy provision to annuitize for life no matter how long you live. Lifetime income that you cant outlive is a powerful financial tool that can be the foundation of a secure retirement. If you annuitize a non-qualified annuity for life time benefits, the basis is amortized to your life expectancy as a portion of your payment from the start of distribution called the exclusion ratio.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Plumbing?
If the damage is the result of neglect there isnt any coverage. If the damage is caused by a backup of water through the sewer system, damage is excluded unless that coverage is purchased as an option. If the cause is freezing the policy will cover not damages ifthe property is unoccupied. Claims involving continuous and repeated seepage or leakage are also excluded by the policy. Damage caused by freezing is also excluded.

Why  Is  Term  Life  Insurance  Often  The  Best  Value?
I am not sure that anyone could say that term life insurance is often the best value without knowing a person's exact situation. Term life insurance is the most affordable compared to permanent or cash value insurance, but it may not be the best value. If you purchase a 20 year term policy at age 30 and have a heart condition at age 48 and lose insurability, it will be very difficult to obtain any type of life insurance after age 50 when the term expires. There are many arguments to be made with the different types of life insurance plans. The one that is best for your unique situation and laid out by a caring knowledgeable advisor is the best value for you specifically.

How  Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  On  My  Parents?
I would assume by the nature of your question, you are an adult and your parents are aging. If you were young and dependent upon their care and income, the answer would be most definitely, they should both purchase life insurance to protect you from a financial disaster. You can purchase lower face amounts of life insurance on your parents without a large burden of insurable interest. Typically this is done for final expense or cleaning up some debt at their passing. Keep in mind even though you are allowed to own the policy, pay the premiums and be their beneficiary, the parents will be the insureds. All insureds must sign the application with full knowledge of what they are purchasing. The underwriter will want your parents health history, life style, age, etc. Depending on the age and face amount, it is possible they will need a paramed exam for blood, urine, EKG, etc. Just be sure they are informed of your decision before starting the process.

What  Do  You  Pay  For  Health  Insurance?
That's a great question! With your health insurance there are usually 3 parts that you pay - The premium, the deductible, and the co-pay. The premium is the amount that you pay monthly for the insurance. The deductible and co-pay are portions of the cost of the medical service that you share with the insurance company. The cost of your premium will normally increase with a low deductible, and decrease as you accept a greater part of the cost with a higher deductible. The actual cost of what you will pay will depend upon the company, policy, and amount of deductible and co-pay that you choose. When open enrollment comes back around this fall, go to the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) site, and see if you can qualify for a subsidized policy on the site. Millions have found that they can get affordable coverage there. Thank you for asking!

Does  Travelers  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Rental  Cars?
Coverage can vary by State. In Texas, a standard private passenger auto insurance policy will cover you in a rental car as a tempory substitute - and damage to the rental unit actually comes under the Property Damage coverage for contractual liability. Although it IS covered, I STILL buy the physical damage waiver coverage offered by the rental companies. I don't want the rental company filling a claim on the vehicle for something I was NOT responsible nor tagging my credit card for a LARGE amount and using up my credit limit. Hope this helps!

What  Is  Elimination  Period  In  Disability  Insurance?
The elimination period in Disability Insurance is the period of time between becoming disabled and when benefits begin to be paid to the disabled employee. With Long Term Disability, a period of one to six months is usually selected as the elimination period. Generally, the shorter the elimination period, the higher the premium paid for the policy.

Does  Comprehensive  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Vandalism?
Yes, vandalism is one of the covered perils in the Comprehensive portion of most standard auto policies. Comprehensive is the more broadly defined of the two elements that make up the Physical Damage portion of a car insurance policy, the other element being Collision. Collision provides coverage for damages sustained by your car if involved in an accident with another motor vehicle, a stationary object or a human being. Comprehensive provides coverage for all other named perils including vandalism.

Which  Home  Insurance  Covers  Flood?
No homeowners insurance will cover flood. This is not to be mistaken with water damage that may occur from a broken pipe in the home or possible overflow from a dishwasher or washing machine. These type of things will be covered if you have a special form HO3 policy. But an actual flood caused by rising water is always excluded and you would need to purchase a flood policy.

Does  Anyone  Have  Life  Insurance  On  Me?
If anyone had life insurance on you, you would probably know it, because you need to give your consent for someone to take out life insurance on you. However, if you were a child when the policy was purchased, there might be a policy on your life that you don't know about, most likely owned by your parents.

How  Much  Is  Renters  Insurance  From  Allstate?
Renters insurance coverage from Allstate depends on a number of different factors. Of course, the amount of coverage on your personal contents is one of the biggest variables along with what other limits you elect. Where you live and what type of claims history may also play a role in the rate. A licensed Allstate broker can provide the exact rate...probably in the $100-$300 per year range.

Does  My  Small  Business  Have  To  Offer  Health  Insurance?
No. The employer mandate provisions of the Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare) apply to employers with 50 or more full-time/full-time equivalent employees. So, if your company has 20 full time employees and 6 part-time employees that probably translates into the equivalent of 23 full time employees and places you well below the threshold where you have to provide employee health insurance or be subject to the employer mandate tax penalty. If you need to attract and retain quality employees and reduce turnover then it may well be in your self interest as a small business to offer group health insurance to your employees. However, with the introduction of the Affordable Care Act's health insurance marketplaces and premium tax subsidies to help persons between 100% and 400% of the Federal Poverty Level purchase individual health insurance the small business owner's decision in this regard is more complicated now. If your workforce is largely lower income and you are asking or would be asking your employees to pay a significant portion of the cost of group health insurance it is possible you are actually doing your employees and their dependents a disservice by providing group health insurance as this effectively blocks them from purchasing subsidized individual health insurance in the government health insurance marketplaces. There is some analysis required and business philosophy decisions to be made by the small business owner in making the decision as to whether offering group health insurance is the best course of action in todays environment. You should seek out the services of an experienced health insurance broker who is well educated on the Affordable Care Act to help you make this decision. I am a 30 year industry veteran and Chartered Benefit Consultant, if I can be of assistance to you in this matter please feel free to contact me.

What  Is  Embedded  Value  In  Life  Insurance?
Not sure what you mean by "embedded value" in life insurance. Life insurance pays a death benefit that is normally income tax free to the beneficiary. In addition, for permanent policies, after the first few years, there may be cash surrender value available in the event the policy is "cashed in" and coverage canceled by the policy owner. Or, a portion of the cash value can be borrowed from the policy and coverage maintained.

Is  Landlord  Insurance  More  Expensive  Than  Homeowners?
The answer here is "maybe". It really depends upon the situation and the coverage. In general, if you consider the same house and the same coverage, the homeowners coverage will cost you less. let's start with some terms. In the industry, we usually call landlord insurance either dwelling fire, or a dwelling policy. It points to the difference between this and a homeowners policy. A homeowners policy has 6 coverages: A. Dwelling - the structure B. Other Structures - detached garages, shed's, pole barns, etc. C. Personal Property - Your stuff D. Loss of Use - The extra costs you'll incur if you have to live somewhere while your home is repaired E. Personal Liability - Protects you from being sued F. Medical Payments - Pays for injuries that happen on your property without having to be sued. A Dwelling Policy, in general doesn't have any coverage C, Personal Property. As a landlord, you're worried about the building and your liability. Your tenant's personal property is their responsibility to insure. Dwelling policies are more complicated to put together than homeowners policies but I'll leave that discussion for another time. Lets talk about why Dwelling Policy usually costs more than a Homeowners policy. With a homeowners policy the insurance company has a greater sense of security because they only have one entity to worry about, the homeowners and their family. They have a financial interest in keeping their home safe, secure, and in good repair. With a rental property, you may have many different tenants occupy that home and they have no financial interest in the home itself. A tenant is much more likely to let things go that may eventually cause a claim. Additionally, with a homeowners policy, the liability is protecting the insured from others, with a dwelling policy, you're also being protected from the people that actually occupy the home. Now, one last thing to mention. If you're renting your home and it's insured on a homeowners policy, change it now. If there's a claim on the home and the insurance company finds out it's being rented, they may refuse to pay your claim. Most homeowners policies require the home to be occupied by the owner for coverage to apply. Find a good agent that knows how this works and how to put this coverage together for your situation. It's much better to know what your coverage is and make choices rather then to think you have coverage you really don't

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Dry  Rot?
The best way to look when filing a claim on your home is to ask this question. Was the damage sudden and/or accidental. Dry Rot is something that happens over a period of time and really falls on the homeowners as part of maintenance of his or her property. As we like to call, Pride of Ownership. So in other words dry rot is not a covered peril.

How  Do  You  Get  Life  Insurance?
To get life insurance, you first must determine what type of policy you want, and how much coverage you need. Sometimes people come to us with this all figured out, then find out that they do not qualify for that type of policy, or cannot afford the face amount they have chosen. Therefore, it can be helpful to bring your financial data to your agent and work that out together. Once you decide what type of policy you want to apply for, the next step depends on the product you chose. If you want to apply for No Exam policy, you may be able to fill out a digital application and have your policy in effect within a few days. If you apply for a medically underwritten policy, you will first complete a fairly lengthy application. Some people choose to do this on their own, some with their agent, or others do it via phone interview with the life insurance company. Medically underwritten policies require taking an exam in your home or other place of your choice. This is usually done by a local paramed company. The insurance company may also order medical records from your doctors. Once the underwriter has all the required medical information, he/she will approve your policy at the rate for which you qualify. You accept your policy by signing some delivery paperwork and paying the first premium. You have a free look period to decide if you want to keep it. Once it is in effect, no one can take your life insurance policy away from you, as long as you continue to pay premiums in a timely manner.

Does  Life  Insurance  End  Up  Going  Through  Probate?
Not usually. As long as the policy has a named beneficiary who is alive when the insured dies the proceeds will normally skip the probate process. If there are no living beneficiaries when the insured dies, then the proceeds are paid to the insured's estate at which time the funds would need to go through the probate process in order to be distributed to heirs. Keep in mind that proceeds paid to a deceased beneficiary could end up in that beneficiary's estate and would need to go through the probate process in order for that beneficiary's heirs to receive the proceeds.

About  How  Much  Is  Auto  Insurance?
Auto insurance is priced based on the auto, your driving history, garage zip code and credit rating. Need a no obligation quote? I will be happy to run different options in order to get you the most insurance protection based on what you tell me you are able to afford. Call me Keith Prim - Dallas - 214-435-0791

Will  Renters  Insurance  Cover  My  Iphone?
Renters insurance is designed to cover sudden and accidental losses of named perils. Examples of named perils are fire, theft, lightning and vandalism. Your iPhone is considered personal property and would be covered by named perils on the policy. Check your deductible before filing a claim because the standard deductible is $500 so it may not make sense to file a claim.

What  The  Difference  Between  Medigap  And  Medicare  Advantage?
Medigap and Medicare Advantage are as different as apples and oranges. Medigap, also known as Medicare supplement, is designed to work in conjunction with original Medicare. Your original Medicare plan has no networks but does have deductibles and coinsurance that can leave you owing several thousand dollars. Medicare Advantage (formerly known as Medicare Part C) is a privately managed Medicare benefit offered by insurance carriers. With Medicare Advantage plans you have network providers, lower premiums than Medigap, and significantly higher out of pocket.

Does  Aetna  Student  Health  Insurance  Cover  Dental?
Most student health plans provide limited benefits and are overpriced. For about the same premium you can usually get a true major medical plan. Student health plans usually include benefits centered around the student health center and possibly an affiliation with a local hospital. Pre-existing conditions may not be covered at all or there will be a delay of up to 12 months before they are considered a covered expense. Also the health policies have an expiration date, usually coinciding with the school year. Dental benefits, if included, are most likely limited to treating injury to your teeth.

How  Long  Does  Universal  Life  Insurance  Last?
The length of time that a universal life policy is in force is determined by the payment pattern of the owner of the policy. If the policy is continuously underfunded, it will lapse at a relatively early age, sometimes in the early 50s. However, if guidelines and targets are followed a universal life plan can last up to the time of death.

How  Long  Does  It  Take  To  Get  Money  From  Home  Insurance?
It certainly depends on the carrier, the type of claim, and how much damage was caused. If you are talking about a "catastrophe" claim this can take much longer because of the scope of damage and the number of people impacted. Sometimes insurance carriers will have to out-source a 3rd party to handle claim adjustments if the claim is that big like tornado damage that causes damage to many. If you are talking about a claim where the only damage was your residence you should expect to see a field adjuster within 3-5 business days to make the initial estimate. From there, a check could be issued as quick as 24 hours or another 3-5 business days. More than likely the first check you receive will be a partial based on the ACV of your personal property and dwelling.

Is  Disability  Insurance  Deductible?
If you have a business with operational expenses you may be able to deduct disability insurance premiums. Keep in mind that having disability insurance deducted as a business expense can increase the amount of coverage up to 80% of your compensation. However, any benefits paid out with be taxed as ordinary income at your effective tax bracket rate.

When  Are  Annuities  Taxed?
Non-qualified tax deferred annuities that have gain in their contract will pay ordinary income tax on the distributions, whether by withdrawals, period certain payouts or life only annuitization. Distributions of basis are tax free. You only pay taxes on an annuity when distributions are made or at the death of the annuitant.

Is  Life  Insurance  Cash  Value  Protected  From  Creditors  In  Colorado?
In the state of Colorado cash values are protected for both bankruptcy and non-bankruptcy claims up to $50,000. Federal bankruptcies are not protected. However all monies placed into the contract 48 months prior to the claim against the contract owner are not included (i.e. not protected).

Does  Auto  Insurance  Follow  The  Vehicle  Or  The  Driver?
In general auto insurance follows the vehicle. For example if Bob loans his car to James and James has an accident with it, Bob's insurance will be the primary insurance responding to the accident. If for for some reason Bob's insurance turned was invalid or the damages were so large that his insurance was exhausted then James' insurance would respond as a secondary coverage.

How  Many  Claims  Before  Home  Insurance  Cancels?
This may differ by state, but here in Michigan the Guideline is 3 claims, over $1,500, non weather related, within 3 years. Some companies may be a little different, but that's a good baseline. Insurance companies don't really have problems with weather related claims or big claims. The thing that hurts an insurance company's bottom line is frequency, not severity.

Does  It  Make  Sense  To  Buy  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
It makes sense to buy Long Term Care Insurance if you can afford the premium without giving up quality of life. If you are already on Medicaid or have very little income or assets, Medicaid will soon pay for your long term care, if it is needed. You will not have the choices of care that you would by having Long Term Care Insurance, but spending money you don't have for LTCI premiums, in my opinion, is an unnecessary sacrifice for a need that may never occur.

Can  You  Buy  Auto  Insurance  At  The  Dealership?
Great question! Many years ago I purchased a policy at a dealership in Maryland so that I could drive the car I'd just bought home. Some dealerships will have an agent that works there, (usually in the financing department) but often it is cheaper for you to call your agent, and have the new car added to your policy and emailed or faxed to the dealership while you wait. It can save you a few bucks, and a lot over the long run - like a gas station near the rental car return, they know if you need it, they can charge more, you will spend it. Thanks for asking!

Does  Everyone  Get  Medicare  At  Age  65?
Everyone who is a legal resident of the United States and has paid into Medicare taxes for at least 10 years, will get Medicare at age 65. If the person has not worked outside the home that long, they can get Medicare when they and their qualified spouse turn 65.

Why  Is  Auto  Insurance  Important  To  Have?
Auto insurance is important to have since it protects yourself, family members, passengers, and pedestrians in theeventof an accident involving any damage. Of course, your vehicle is also protected, as is the bank who may be financing your vehicle. You don't have to carry auto insurance. Simply don't drive a vehicle and it will be one less worry in your life! I couldn't do it though.

When  Does  Short  Term  Disability  Insurance  Start?
Short Term Disability benefits can start as soon as 1 day after the injury or illness is incurred. If provided through the employer, sick days or vacation may be applied toward time off before the payment of Short Term Disability benefits. If a private policy, you have a choice of how many days to make the elimination period, and that will determine when benefits begin to be paid.

How  Do  I  Contact  Medicare?
To contact Medicare, you can call 1-800-MEDICARE (1-800-633-4227). The TTY phone number is 1-877-486-2048. Or you can write Medicare atCenters for Medicare & Medicaid Services,7500 Security Boulevard,Baltimore, Maryland 21244-1850.

Can  I  Get  Disability  Insurance  In  California  If  I'm  Pregnant?
If you are pregnant, it is usually impossible to purchase Disability Insurance that will cover your pregnancy, in California or any other state. Sometimes you can purchase Disability Insurance that will exclude your current pregnancy. California does have government sponsored DI for persons not working for the State, but again, you must get it before you are pregnant.

How  Do  I  Cancel  My  Car  Insurance  With  Geico?
In order to cancel your auto insurance you would simply need to call Geico and let them know of your intent to cancel. Geico then will advise you as to what is needed in order to complete the cancellation of your policy. In most cases it would be a simple written request dated and signed requesting termination of the policy.

What  Does  Car  Insurance  Group  16  Mean?
Group 16 is a classification of vehicles (mostly used in Europe) that are used to distinguish risk from other groups. For example, a Fiat 500 C and a Ford Fiesta are typically found in that group. If you live here in the US and will not be visiting Europe, it will not impact you.

Why  Does  Health  Insurance  Go  Up?
Health insurance premiums are driven by claims. When medical claims increase due to inflation and utilization premiums must also rise accordingly. Your health insurance premiums cannot be adjusted simply because of your own claims but rather for claims of your assigned group. Under Obamacare health insurance premiums will rise dramatically due to the new mandated coverages.

Who  Can  Afford  Whole  Life  Insurance?
A person with a fixed income or a person who is employed (in the ideal world) can usually afford whole life insurance. The premium (payments for the insurance) are based on a number of factors including: Amount of insurance coverage Age Gender Health status Income, etc. The rule of thumb, at least in my insurance training, is that you should not pay more than 6% of your monthly or annual income for life insurance. If you can afford to give up 6%, then you should be fine. Your life insurance agent should discuss with you all these things before writing a policy on you.

Is  Pension  Plan  Income  Taxable?
In Canada, pension plan income is taxable. Pension contributions by the company and the individual are tax deductible. The funds inside the plan grow tax deferred. Consequently when income is received from the plan it is taxable. Retirement income planning often requires the assistance of professionals. If you would like to work with a local Retirement Planner, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: retirement planner Halifax or retirement planning Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find Retirement Planners in your community. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.

What  Is  A  Good  Life  Insurance  Policy?
First of all, it is one you can afford. One you will continue to pay and not allow to lapse. Any insurance is better than no insurance, so get something and get it now. The younger you are, the less it will cost. If you can get a permanent policy, that will lock in your price for the rest of your life, regardless of your health in the future. If you cannot afford whole life now, then at least get term coverage right away. The better the reputation of the company the more reliable they are likely to be. Go with an old, large company. They are likely to still be around and offer you the variety you want at a fair price. Think about all your financial needs and your family's. Then try to get a face value to protect all of that if you can afford it. Again, remember, something is better than nothing. Gary Lane 949 797 2424. New York Life Agent.

What  Is  Health  And  Disability  Insurance?
Health insurance is designed to pay providers for medical services. Disability insurance was created to pay the insured the benefit amount in the event of a qualifying disability. Disability income insurance comes in two forms: Short term disability Long term disability Short term is just what it sounds like and is inexpensive to pick up. Long term DI can cost significantly more due to the risk the carrier takes on to cover the insured for a longer period.

How  Much  Does  The  Average  Person  Spend  On  Home  Insurance?
The average cost of a homeowners insurance policy is going to vari from one geographic area to another. In my area I estimate that the average cost for a homeowners policy is about 700-1000/yr.Homeowners insurance will vary depending on home values, claims history for the area, and many other factors. Contact your local agent to find out what coverage is available in your area and the cost associated with it.

What  Is  A  Retirement  Plan  Sponsored  By  An  Employer?
Generally an employer sponsored qualified retirement plan under ERISA (Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.) can be a defined benefit or contribution plan. Most employer sponsored plans today are defined contributions plans like a 401(k) that permits pretax contributions, tax deferral accumulations and distributions taxed as ordinary income.

What  Can  I  Do  With  My  Life  Insurance?
It depends upon what type of life insurance you have. If its term or guaranteed universal life, then you options are limited to coverage or the sale of those polices in the settlement market depending on the date of issue, your age and life expectancy. If you have cash value permanent life insurance, you have the option to access the cash values via policy loans and maybe withdrawals tax free.

How  Much  Disability  Insurance  Can  I  Have?
Disability insurance companies are careful not to over-insure, as policy holders with too much coverage lack an incentive to return to work. Most policies will limit the amount of income replacement to two thirds of your gross income. They will also ask if you have any other form of coverage, and will want to limit the combination to less than 70%. Many policies will also offset any benefit payments you might receive from state short term disability, and social security disability.

Will  Health  Insurance  Pay  For  A  Hot  Tub?
No, health insurance generally will not pay for a hot tub. I personally have never heard of a situation that would warrant a medical necessity for a private hot tub. Health insurance is designed to pay for Medically necessary costs and procedures. Unless your doctor can show the insurance company that a hot tub is a medically necessary item(which will be a hard fight)it will not be covered under any policy that I am aware of.

Can  I  Change  My  Home  Insurance  At  Any  Time?
Unless you have some sort of special agreement with your lender or other party, homeowners insurance is an at will product. This means that you can normally change carriers at any time that you wish. Find a local agent and carrier that you are comfortable with and verify that you are getting the coverages that you need or want before changing carriers or agents.

Can  I  Keep  My  Ex  Wife  On  My  Car  Insurance?
That is a great question! The better question though, is why would you want to? I could maybe, possibly, barely, almostsee why if she were still driving the car; if she had policies that bundled with yours and kept your rates low, or if she were making the payments. But she isn't going to be legally obligated to you anymore, and if she's not going to be driving the car, probably is going to stop paying, drop you from her policies, and not care too much if your car gets a new dent or scratch. I'm not suggesting in any way that your Ex is in any kind of way a bad person, or doing anything wrong. That is just the way it is. It may be better to just let that one go, and let her find a policy that will work best for her. If you'd like to discuss this privately, please contact me, okay? Good luck, and thanks for asking!

What  Do  They  Check  For  When  Applying  For  Life  Insurance?
When you apply for a life insurance policy, the life insurance company will nearly always check your driving record, pharmacy record, and MIB, even if you are applying for a policy that does not require a life insurance exam. They are checking for a suspended license, numerous traffic tickets, DUI's, medications, and past health conditions the showed up when you applied for insurance in the past. If you are required to take a life insurance exam, they will check your blood and urine for HIV, diabetes, cholesterol, liver disease, other health conditions, and the presence of nicotine or drug metabolites. They will also weigh and measure you, take your blood pressure and pulse, and depending on your age and amount you apply for, may check for heart disease through use of a resting EKG or stress test.

What  Is  The  Definition  Of  Universal  Life  Insurance?
Universal life insurance is a type of permanent life insurance program that features a flexible premium structure.It's, in short, a blend between term life insurance and whole life insurance. A universal life policy will guarantee the maximum death benefit for the lowest possible premium (making itmuch less expensive than a whole life policy with the same death benefit). Like with whole life insurance, universal life will build cash value, although it will generally not accumulate as much cash value over the life of the policy as a comparable whole life policy it is essentially term insurance to age 121, with the emphasis on a larger death benefit instead of greater cash value. It's ideal foranyone who wants to maximize the death benefit and isn't worried about building cash value (the carrier takes back the cash value and pays out the death benefit when the insured dies and a claim is made on the policy). You can guarantee benefits for up to age 121 (with most companies) - these policies can be structured to dial down the death benefit to a specific age as well (e.g. to age 90, 95, 100, 105, etc.). I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Will  I  Qualify  For  Life  Insurance?
The best way to know if you will qualify for life insurance is to visit with an agent who carries lots of choices of policies, and who understands the health and age requirements for each. Guaranteed life insurance is not always available at every age. And sometimes the best price is obtained with no medical underwriting at all. So the only way to know if you qualify, and to get your best price, is to call and discuss your options with someone who has lots of experience finding coverage for people with all types of health.

Is  A  Broken  Window  Covered  By  Homeowners  Insurance?
Your homeowners insurance would cover a broken window if it was broken due to a covered loss. If the window was broken because you or the kids were playing baseball in the yard and someone knock the ball through the window that more than likely wouldn't be covered. Please read your policy completely to know what coverage is offered and what exclusions there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Who  Is  The  Cheapest  Home  Insurance?
The cheapest homeowners policy is the one that pays all of the damages that you sustain (minus the deductible) when you have a claim. Anything less than that is expensive. It isnt the premium that matters; it is the limits of coverage. A good agent will make sure that the limits match your needs so that when a claim happens there is adequate coverage.

How  Much  Do  Life  Insurance  Agents  Make  In  Vermont?
Life insurance agents in Vermont make a wide range of salaries. As with any other business that pays commission (and usually, commission only), the amount of work put into the career makes a big difference. But it also depends on the economy, how many people you know, whether you have the money to stick with it for a while, etc. If there is an average, most agents in Vermont probably do not make it, but earn far less or far more than that.

Can  I  Pay  Auto  Insurance  With  A  Credit  Card?
That is going to depend on your carrier. To the best of my knowledge there are a few carriers out there that will accept payment through a credit card. Many carriers still prefer payment to be in the form of a check or by debit card. Contact a local agent to discuss the payment options that they have available with the carriers that they work with.

Is  Life  Insurance  Ever  Deductible?
Yes, in addition, certain charitable giving situations allow for a tax deduction of the premium paid on the policy as a charitable deduction. For example, you may wish to endow your church for $50,000 upon your death. You would make the Church's 501(c)3 Charity, the Irrevocable Beneficiary and Owner of your policy and you would be the insured and Payor of the plan. Since you have no interest in the cash value or benefit your premium payments would be considered deductible under the Charitable Giving Deduction on your returns. As always, Insurance agents do not give tax or legal advice, always verify suggestions or comments with your Tax Adviser, CPA or Attorney.

What  Is  Lender  Placed  Homeowners  Insurance?
Under the terms of your mortgage your lender can buy a homeowners policy to protect his interest. He will do this if you do not provide one. That cost of that policy is then included in your mortgage payments. The policy may not protect your interests but it will protect the lenders. The policy may be more expensive. Normally the lender will discontinue the policy when you buy one yourself, naming him as mortgagee.

How  Long  Does  Life  Insurance  Underwriting  Take?
Life Insurance underwriting takes as long as it takes the life insurance underwriter to collect all the data needed to approve your policy. If you apply for a policy that does not need any exam or medical records, the process may take less than 24 hours. If they do not require an exam but can order medical records, it will take as long as it takes you or your doctor's office(s) to provide those records. If they require an exam, you will not be approved until at least 3 days after you take the exam. In other words, the faster you and your doctor's office(s) respond to the underwriter's requests, the shorter the time it generally takes for your policy to be approved. However, things can get held up if life insurance companies get behind, the paramed examiner will not work with you to set up your exam, your doctor's office is slow to provide your medical records to the life insurance company, and/or additional medical records must be ordered weeks or months into the process. Above all, a good Case Manager who regularly communicates with you and the insurance company can shave time off the underwriting process. Using an agency that has great customer service may not only help speed things up, it may be the key to getting your life insurance put into effect, period.

Can  Life  Insurance  Proceeds  Be  Garnished?
While I am not an attorney and cannot speak for every situation, in most cases life insurance proceeds are protect from creditors and probate.There may be some situations that could result in garnishment however in most cases the answer would be no. Check with your attorney to verify your particular situation.

When  Is  The  Best  Time  To  Buy  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
The best time to buy Long Term Care Insurance is while you can still qualify for it, and while you can lock in the best rate. Around age 50-55 is a popular time because people start to experience hypertension and other signs of aging. As with most insurance, the best time is when it starts to gnaw at you. Even if you think it's too late, it's often best to follow your gut.

Can  Home  Insurance  Companies  Drop  You?
Yes, but typically it takes some very substantive issue if the policy is more than 60 days into being in effect. On fairly modest basis you can see carriers withdraw from a state or territory because their loss experience may endanger the health of the overall insurer. Also there can be situations where an insurance department sees an ongoing impairment of the carrier and proceeds to cancel all policies for the carrier. This happened in Texas following Hurricane Ike. If the property is not properly maintained, there was misrepresentation or even sometimes because it would be against public policy to continue to provide liability insurance in the face known instrumentality of putting the public in danger . You see very infrequent last item because Insurance Departments often are involved in that regard. but you can see this happening with dangerous dogs etc. There also can be changes in exposure that were no known at inception. For example a build up combustible brush near the property. So, it generally occurs because the frequency of loss is unsustainable over time. or the conditions are changing for the worse or the insurer now recognizes some information in a loss that was not previously known.

Can  You  Have  Two  Disability  Insurance  Policies?
Yes you can. You can have multiple disability policies as long as the total benefit amount can be validated with tax returns and/or W2 information. Keep in mid that you can add retirement contributions to the total earnings amount to increase coverage. And if you're a business you may be able to add disability overhead insurance as well.

What  The  Best  Disability  Insurance?
It truly depends on your occupation and your medical history. For high risk jobs, a sub-standard carry like Lloyds of London or Fidelity offers great products. If you're a physician, Standard, Principal or MetLife can offer very competitive rates. If you're considering purchasing DI, ask your agent to shop around and provide you with multiple quotes. Remember, just because it's the cheapest, doesn't mean it's the best!

Can  I  Be  Denied  Health  Insurance  Coverage  For  A  Pre  Existing  Condition?
I assume you are looking for a policy that will be effective after 01/01/2014 when the Affordable Health Care Act begins to dictate that "pre-existing conditions" cannot prevent you from obtaining coverage. If you get a policy prior to that date the insurance companies can and will underwrite the application and if your condition prevents them issuing the policy they will refuyse to write the policy

What's  A  403  B  Retirement  Plan?
A 403(b) plan is a tax-advantaged retirement savings plan under Economic Growth and Tax Relief Reconciliation Act of 2001 for public education organizations, some 501(c)(3) organizations), cooperative hospitals, and self-employed ministers. Employee salary deferrals into a 403(b) plan are made pretax and they grow tax-deferred with distributions taxable when withdrawn from the plan. 403(b) plans were also called tax-sheltered annuity.

What  Is  The  Best  Life  Insurance  Policy  To  Buy?
The absolute best life insurance policy to buy is the one with the highest face amount at the lowest premium on the day you die. Unfortunately, none of us know what daythat will be. Therefore, contact a trusted life insurance broker to help you find the best product at the best price for YOUR unique situation.

Does  Car  Insurance  Give  You  Credit?
Having automobile coverage does not help your credit score. It doesn't hurt your credit score either unless you fail to pay a past due balance as requested by your company and then it probably would be reported to the credit bureau when the balance goes into collection.

Can  Health  Insurance  Deny  For  Pre  Existing  Conditions?
The timing of this question is very interesting. The open enrollment period for policies covered under the Affordable Care Act closes today - March 31, 2014. Beginning tomorrow, April 1 of 2014, anyone with a preexisting health condition must wait until the next open enrollment period to enroll in a plan. Coverage would begin on January 1, 2015.

Does  Life  Insurance  Drug  Test?
Fully underwritten life insurance generally requires a para-med that include blood and urine testing. The analysis collects several data points and assessing the ranges: below normal, normal and above normal. During the discovery process nicotine and other drugs in the system can be detected. Those results are forwarded on to the insurance company for an underwriting decision.

What  Does  Basic  Renters  Insurance  Cover?
A renters policy is essentially a homeowners policy that does not cover the structure. It has two basic coverages, Property Coverage which is designed to make you "whole" (within the definitions of the policy) should you have a "covered loss" and suffer economic loss in excess of the deductibleas a result. It also covers personal liability for bodily injury or property damage that the renter is liable for by law.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Skin  Tag  Removal?
Skin tags are benign growths on the skin that can form anywhere but are most common on the eyelid, face, neck, armpit or groin. Removal is a relatively simple and painless outpatient procedure. In most cases skin tags do not pose a medical problem and removal is for cosmetic reasons. In some situations the tag may be in a place on the body where clothing rubs against it and it becomes quite unpleasant. In those situations it is possible your carrier will pay for removal of the skin tag.

What  Is  Spousal  Life  Insurance?
Spousal life insurance isn't a special type of policy. Life insurance on spouses is a fundamental planning matter. In dual income families, it is important for both earners to consider life insurance to protect the income they each depend on as the lost of one or both would likely result in financial hardship. In the event of a stay at home spouse life insurance should be considered as the loss of that spouse may have a financial impact through new expenses such as day care.

How  Does  Auto  Gap  Insurance  Work?
Auto gap insurance is designed to reimburse you for the difference in the current value of the car and what you owe on the car, in the event there is a total loss. Since a car rapidly depreciates after you make the purchase, it is very possible (especially with little or no down-payment or trade-in), that you will have this "gap." Typically, the cost is not very expensive, and it can be taken out at the time you purchase the vehicle. You can also purchase a gap policy to cover your deductible, which will reduce your out-of-pocket costs. As an experienced car insurance broker, this coverage is often discussed with our customers. You can often buy coverage from your broker, lending institution or dealership.

Is  Renters  Insurance  Per  Person?
Renters insurance typically covers the insured and the insured's immediate family living within the covered premise. If there are other tennats within the rented premise that are not immediate family members then they should secure their own renters insurance coverage. Remember that every policy is different, please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be.

How  Does  A  Whole  Life  Insurance  Policy  Work?
Participating whole life insurance is the most cryptic contract in the insurance and financial product inventory. It is difficult to disassemble into distinguishable parts. That being said, a base policy in participating whole life insurance is a guaranteed premium for a guaranteed death benefit for the maturity of the contract, generally between age 100 and 121. The dominate portfolio of many participating whole life insurance company is investment grade government bonds. Those portfolio returns coupled with a return of unused premium form the basis of a dividend.

What  Do  I  Need  To  Purchase  Auto  Insurance?
To purchase auto insurance, you should have a valid driver's license, a car that you own, proof of identification, and and a small amount of money to make the first payment if you want the policy to be effective the same day. But just as importantly, you need an experienced broker (there are many of us along with our websites) to help you shop, compare and understand your policy. And of course...get the lowest rates.

How  Much  Renters  Insurance  Should  You  Get?
There is a simple way to determine how much coverage to purchase on a renters policy. Get a camera and take a picture of every room to include closets and dressers. Dispassionately list the things that you see in the photos that are your property. Alongside the list enter the cost to buy a replacement item. This should actually become two lists because you can list the value of the used item or the cost of a new replacement item. Total the lists and decide if you want replacement cost coverage or just want to have the used stuff replaced with other used stuff. The number that you select then becomes the amount of personal property insurance that you should purchase. However, the really important figure is often neglected and that is the amount of liability insurance do you require. My rule of thumb is get as much as the company will write. A lawsuit can ruin you day and your future. Someone could slip inside your apartment and have major problems and you need coverage because you might be responsible.

Can  You  Get  Life  Insurance  If  You  Are  An  Alcoholic?
Great question! The one thing that we really need to know about life is that our actions always seem to have consequences that we are never aware of...Alcoholism is one of those, as I'm sure you have learned. If you are working on your sobriety, awesome! My prayers and support are with you. If you have been sober for a while, and have not had any major health issues as a result of the disease, you can purchase a good insurance policy. If there have been issues as a result of your drinking, there are still policies that you can get, however they will typically be more expensive ( called graded, modified, or guaranteed issue policies) and they will have a period of time where your payout is limited to what you paid in, plus some interest. I hope that helps, if not, please feel free to contact me. Thanks for asking!

Is  It  Worth  Buying  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Like any insurance. If you need it, it's worth the price and then some. If you don't then most feel that it is not. The thing with long term care insurance is that the older you get the more likely you are to need the coverage. Much life life insurance though this type of coverage typically goes up in cost with each birthday that you pass.

Who  Has  Best  Annuities?
Who the best Annuity Company is depends on a few different things. Mostly the current annuity market and who currently has the most competitive rates. It also depends on your personal situation and needs and which company offers a product that fits those needs best. In other words, there is no best annuity company, it just depends. But it is important to use a company that has good financial ratings, and "A" or better is usually considered a good rating. So whichever well rated company offers the most competitive product that fits your needs, is the best company.

How  Do  You  Cancel  Aviva  Life  Insurance?
Yes, you can cancel Aviva life insurance. Call Aviva at1.800.800.9882 or send them a secure email at their website: WEBSITELINK . You might want to talk this over with your agent beforehand, to make sure that cancelling the policy is in your best interest.

What  Is  Car  Insurance  Group  N?
Car insurance group N is a rating for vehicles in Britain. It typically is referring to a car that is fairly high-performance and probably expensive to insure. Here in the US, we use ( almost all carriers) different types of rating. Symbols are often assigned to the vehicle you are insuring, which is one factor that helps determine the rate.

What  Is  Medigap  Supplemental  Insurance?
Medigap or Medicare Supplement insurance is private health insurance established to help supplement Original Medicare Part A and Part B. Meaning, it will help pay some of the health care costs not covered by Original Medicare (co-pays, deductibles, co-insurance). When you have a Medigap Policy, Medicare will pay it's share of Medicare approved amounts for your covered health care costs. Then your Medigap (Medicare Supplement insurance) pays its share. There are 10 standardized Medigap Plans (A, B, C, D, F, G, K, L, M, N) with varying benefits. Plan F is the most popular because it covers all Medicare approved charges and you do not have to pay any co-pays, deductibles or co-insurance. Plan G acts just like Plan F after you've satisfied the small annual Part B deductible of $147 (2014). WEBSITELINK Please feel free to contact me regarding your specific situation. In just a matter of minutes, I can provide you with Medigap benefit and quote information to help you make an informed decision.

Does  Medicare  Cover  A  Nursing  Home?
Medicare coverage for Nursing Home is limited to Skilled Care for 100 days after a qualifying hospital stay of 3 days not counting day of discharge. Medicare was never designed for long term nursing home stays. To qualify as skilled care the patient must have been admitted to the nursing home for the same issue he was in the hospital, he must be able to improve with therapy, and the stay must be approved by Medicare.

Where  Can  I  Find  Health  Insurance  Quotes?
There are many sites where you can get instant health insurance quotes online. When you visit a page that provides online quotes, you follow the prompts on the screen. When it comes to health insurance, I always recommend consulting with an experienced broker because of all of the moving parts involved and it can be difficult for some to compare plans.You can run instant health quotes on my website if you'd like (link available on my profile page) as well as other types including life, disablity, senior insurance, etc.Please let me know if I can be of further assistance. Thanks very much.

Do  Fixed  Annuities  Have  A  Death  Benefit?
All annuities can designate a beneficiary. Once an annuity starts paying a lifetime income, the option selected will determine if there is any death benefit payable. The basic option is a lifetime income and while this benefit will pay until the annuitant dies, there isnt any benefit for a beneficiary. However, there are options for having the benefit cover the lives of two individuals, or last a specific period of time. These would result in either a continuation of benefits for the beneficiary.

What  Does  Medigap  Mean?
Medigap is another name for Medicare Supplement plans. Original Medicare (Parts A & B) only cover about 80% of a senior's health care expenses, leaving the insured responsible for the other 20%. While 20% doesn't sound like a very big figure, it can add up to a nice big medical bill really fast. For example, if you had a procedure done that cost $10,000 and Medicare paid for 80% ($8,000), you would be responsible for the other $2,000 of the bill - how many people can just get out their checkbook and write a check for that amount? That number can be a lot higher too. The idea of a Medigap plan is to cover the gaps in coverage that Medicare doesn't pay for (e.g. that other 20%). You pay a monthly premium to get these gaps covered so you're not hit with large bills. The resulting major advantage is it allows a senior to create a much, much more predictable health care expense structure - and when you're on a fixed income, this is vital. A plan F is the most comprehensive Medicare supplement plan available in the marketplace today - plans C, G, and N are very competitive as well.

Am  I  Liable  If  Someone  Gets  Hurt  In  My  Timeshare?
That is a great question! The short answer is it depends. If I assume correctly that this is a points based timeshare arrangement, one of those "vacation club" kind of things, then it typically falls upon the resort management's policy. But if you've traded, sold or otherwise allowed someone else into your space on your time, then you may possibly be liable, depending upon the terms of the contract that you signed. If this is a property that you are an owner of for a specific number of years, then the liability issues may be more yours than the true property owners. Again, it will depend entirely on the policy exclusions that were in the contract you signed at purchase. If you own the property, most likely it's you. My recommendation is to take a look at your contract and see, and if you cannot find it, contact the company and have them send you a copy. You will have a better idea where you stand after looking at the terms. Good luck, and thank you for asking!

How  To  Get  Homeowners  Insurance  Quote?
There are several ways to obtain a quote for homeowners insurance. You may certainly fill out a quote form online; almost every big name carrier has one on their website/app. The problem with doing a quote yourself is that you are not a licensed insurance agent, you likely do not know what limits you should have. Most online quotes also do not run your credit or loss history, which may have big impacts on your premium. What is the best way to get an accurate quote? Contact a licensed independent insurance agent and give them your information. Ask questions! Tell them your story! Tell them what kinds of things you own! If you want your assets properly covered more information is better. Most agencies have a form on their website/app a prospect may complete. Otherwise email or call asking for a quote.

What  Does  The  Insurance  Company  Do  When  Your  Car  Is  Stolen?
If you car is stolen and not recovered then the insurance company, providing you have comprehensive coverage, will determine the actual cash value of your vehicle and then write you a check for the stolen vehicle. You will have to relinquish the title over to the insurance company. If you had a loan on the vehicle the loan will be paid off first and you will receive what ever is left. If you do not have comprehensive coverage then you have no coverage for the loss. If you car is recovered then it will be determined if the car is repairable or a total loss depending on the condition the car is found in. Most insurance companies will wait 30 days to see if the car is recovered or not then just call it a loss at that point if the car is not recovered.

What  Do  I  Do  With  My  401K  When  I  Retire?
When you retire your former employer will send you a letter describing the options available with your 401(k) plan. Plans vary and so do options. As mentioned one of the frequently offered options is the privilege of rolling the account into a personal IRA. Since you would be gaining personal control of this asset this might be a very smart thing to do. If the employer allows you to keep the funds in his plan you should check to determine how much of the assets of the fund are invested in company stock. That could be a major consideration. Some 401(k) plans offer flexible arrangements but most will want the money settled in a short time after you retire. Your financial advisor or retirement income certified professional can give you helpful information concerning the options presented. This money needs to be used in a wise manner as you could be retired for a very long time.

What  Does  Renewable  Life  Insurance  Mean?
A renewable policy is generally renewable for a specified period of time. During that period the insured can continue coverage regardless of health by paying the renewal premium. Renewal premiums are generally a great deal higher than the initial premium but might be a bargain if the insureds health has deteriorated in the meantime.

Does  Life  Insurance  Pay  For  Accidental  Death?
Life insurance generally pays out death proceeds to the policy beneficiary at the death of the policy insured, no matter what the cause of death is.The exception is suicide during the first two years of the contract known as the contestability period and fraud resulting from misstatements or omissions.

How  Does  Guaranteed  Universal  Life  Insurance  Work?
How does Guaranteed Universal Life work? Just like level term. Think of it as lifetime level term. With term insurance you pay a premium every month and you have coverage. With GUL you pay the premium every month and you have coverage. The GUL rider on a polcy states that as long as the premium is paid and the policy values remain untouched the company will pay a death claim out to the age chosen by the insured. It could be to age 90, 100, 110, 121 or until passing. The big thing with a GUL vs. a Level term policy is cash values. With level term the insured does not see the cash values generated by the level term policy during it's level premium run. With level term you overpay early to underpay later and this keeps the premium constant. Same with GUL except now you can 'touch" the money inside the policy. This is a bad thing if you want the guarantee to remain in place. You simply do not want to mess with your GUL beyond paying your monthly premium every month. GUL is NOT a saving plan... it is Lifetime TERM, or at least, it should be treated that way.

How  To  Buy  Term  Life  Insurance?
Term Life Insurance can be purchased from any company for it is life insurance except that term insurance is only for a specified period of 10, 15, 25, or 30 years depending on policy. Term insurance cost less but does not build a cash value and is not until the life of the policyholder. However, term insurance is still a great benefit. I also specialize in term insurance. I know of many other coverages that are added to term policies in order to make then more unique and beneficial such as child riders and other income options.

I  have  been  covered  under  automobile  insurance  with  the  same  company  for  years,  i'm  changing  companies  and  i've  already  provided  the  declaration  page  to  my  new  insurance  company  but  they  stated  they  need  proof  of  coverage  faxed  to  them.  What  else  could  I  send
They might be looking for evidence of insurance. This is a form provided by your new insurance company. They might be looking for the Insurance ID cards provided with your policy. They might be trying to be difficult, in which case your state insurance commissioner would be someone interested in your plight.

Who  Are  The  Major  Health  Insurance  Companies?
There's many many insurance companies out there in the marketplace. United Health Group (includes United Healthcare) is the biggest health insurance company in the United States and offer plans in every state. Wellpoint (includes Anthem) Kaiser, Aetna, Cigna, Coventry, and CareFirst are some of the other big name insurance companies in the country. However, not every company offers health plans in every state.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  A  Tubal  Reversal?
Reversal of voluntary sterilization such as tubal ligation or vasectomy is not a covered expense under most health insurance plans. Health insurance is designed for things that are deemed medically necessary and surgery to reverse a tubal ligation is performed for reasons other than to correct a medical condition. Your answer is no.

Does  All  State  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Flood?
Flood insurance is handled through the Federal government only and sold through insurance carriers. Renters insurance as well as homeowners insurance does not cover flood damage of any kind. You must purchase flood insurance as a seperate policy. Contact a local agent to find out availabity for this coverage within your area.

Is  Homeowners  Insurance  Part  Of  Your  Mortgage  Payment?
That is a great question! The answer is it can be, but isn't normally. I have seen where the mortgage payment was inclusive of the homeowners policy premium, as a result of the lender having to reinsure the home when the owner allowed the previous policy to lapse. It isn't the usual case, but it can happen. Thanks for asking!

How  Much  Is  NYS  Disability  Insurance?
The charge that can be made to employees receiving Disability Insurance under the New York Disability Benefits Law, to help offset the rate the employers pay, is 1/2 of 1% or 60 cents per week, whichever is lower. The maximum of 60 cents per week applies even if the employee is working two or more jobs.

What  Does  A  Home  Insurance  Policy  Cover?
A homeowner's insurance policy actually covers many items. Your dwelling (Coverage A) is perhaps the most important item that is insured. Unattached structures along with the personal property inside the home are covered on a standard home policy. The expenses you incur while living away from the home during a covered claim are also covered along with liability, medical payments to others. There may also be various riders, depending on the items and benefits that were important to you. As an experienced broker for more than three decades, it is our job to explain these benefits, and provide the lowest rates possible in your area, so you can compare the best options.

Is  Renters  Insurance  Necessary?
Necessary is a matter of perspective. I believe that renters insurance is necessary for every person renting a premise. Renters insurance will not only provide protection for your personal property in the event of a covered loss but also provides liability protection in the event that someone is injured in your residence just to name a couple of the major coverages. Contact a local agent to find out more about all of the advantages of having this coverage.

How  Much  Is  Auto  Insurance?
The premium charged for auto insurance is computed differently depending upon the state. In California the rate is based on the year, make and model of the vehicle and its intended use. It is further based upon the annual mileage for the vehicle. It is also based on the driving records of all the members of the household where the auto is insured. There are other considerations but those are the major factors.

What  Does  A  Life  Insurance  Urine  Test  Test  For?
Urinalysis (UA) is used by life insurance companies to detect presence of disease when applying for medically underwritten policies. Urine tests used can point to the possibility of kidney disease, UTI, diabetes, liver disease, inflammation, even cancer. Sometimes excessive exercise or dieting can affect the HOS, so try to drink a lot of water, avoid alcohol, eat balanced meals, and avoid excessive exercise in the days before your urine test. Life insurance also uses urine to test for drug and tobacco use. If you use opoids (codeine, morphine, methadone, etc) for pain, or marijuana for medical or recreational use, explain that on your application or to the examiner collecting your urine sample. And keep in mind that cotinine (a metabolite of nicotine that is detected in urine and blood) can stay in the body for a long time after using tobacco. It is best to disclose all health conditions, medications, and tobacco use to your agent ahead of time, rather than have it be a surprise on your life insurance exam. That way you can be matched with the company that will give you the best rate, your underwriter will rate you as good as possible due to your honesty, and your policy will pay out if something happens to you.

How  Can  Life  Insurance  Be  An  Investment?
If by "investment", you mean something that may gain or lose value, then the only type of life insurance that I would consider an investment is Variable Universal Life (VUL). The interest credited to a VUL policy is based on stocks & bonds and may be positive or negative for the year. There are other types of life insurance that can accumulate cash called whole life and universal life policies. I consider these savings vehicles rather than investment vehicles because they do not lose money due to a decrease in the stock market or index. Whole Life insurance accumulates cash by dividends that are declared by the life insurance company. Universal life, other than VUL, comes in a fixed and an indexed universal life option. The Fixed UL earns interest based on a rate declared by the insurance company. The Indexed option (IUL) earns interest based on the performance of an index such as the S & P. With an IUL, there is usually a floor of 0 - 2% that protects the cash value if the index is negative. The nice thing about an IUL is that you participate in the upside of the market without the downside risk. These are complex products and it is important to speak with a knowledgeable advisor who can educate you on the fees and other particulars.

What  Is  A  Life  Insurance  Trust  Fund?
A Life Insurance Trust Fund is a trust that holds a life insurance policy or policies. The fund actually does not hold cash except what exists in the policy, and the only cash paid into it is to pay the premiums of the policy and cover any expenses the trust may incur. It is upon the death of the Grantor-Insured that the death benefit is paid to the trust and distributed according to the terms set forth in the trust.

Life  Insurance  What  Does  AD&D  Mean?
Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance Normally, AD&D is a rider attached to a life or health policy that gives benefits in case of death by accidental means or provides a set income in case of loss of certain body parts. AD&D riders are usually written so the insurer will pay double the payable amount in case of accidental death. These are sometimes known as double indemnity riders.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Cymbalta?
Cymbalta is a prescription drug so it would not generally be covered under Original Medicare (Parts A & B) - you can use the plan finder tool on the Medicare.gov website to see what prescription plans will cover the medication as well as enroll in a plan (if an available time to - e.g. having a special enrollment period or it's the annual enrollment period).

Can  I  Put  My  Elderly  Parent  On  My  Health  Insurance?
No. An elderly parent should be qualified for Medicare. With the affordable options available with Medicare Advantage it really does not make sense to put an older person on your health insurance. Even if you could the premium would be totally unaffordable for most people. A Medicare Advantage plan in most area's will offer more extensive coverage at a fraction of the cost.

What  Does  Dave  Ramsey  Say  About  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
In an article by Dave Ramsey published on Nov 13, 2012, for FOXBusiness, Dave answers the question, "Is there a point where you can self-insure for long term care needs without a policy?" His advice is that, unless you have $20M in liquid assets and have $2M to $3M to set aside for long term care, go ahead and transfer that risk to a long term care insurance policy that you purchase by age 60.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Theft  Outside  The  Home?
Renters insurance will cover a limited amount of theft from your car, such as contents of the vehicle. It will not cover theft of any equipment attached to the car. Renters works like homeowner coverage with smaller limits and more restrictions on what is actually covered. You are welcome to call me with any additional questions. Keith Prim - Dallas, TX 214-435-0791

Does  Disability  Insurance  Pay  For  Maternity  Leave?
Groups short term disability insurance, or "sick leave" does usually pay for maternity leave. You need to obtain the coverage at least a year before becoming pregnant in order for the group policy to cover your time off before and after having your baby. Private Disability Insurance does not pay for maternity leave unless there are complications with the pregnancy or childbirth, upon which the long term disability coverage would kick in after the policy's elimination period is met.

Does  My  Life  Insurance  Policy  Have  Cash  Value?
There are two types of life insurance fundamentally, term life insurance and permanent life insurance. Term insurance has no cash value with an exception of a return of premium rider at the end of the term. Permanent life insurance comes with different names. the most popular are whole life, universal life, indexed universal life and variable life. These all have a cash value component. Open your policy to the declaration page. This page will tell you the type of policy you have. If you find it is a permanent plan mentioned above, then turn over to the illustrations page. These pages will give you the cash value of at each policy year with the cash value of your plan.

Does  A  Condo  Need  Homeowners  Insurance?
There are policies specifically designed for condo's. Most condominium associations require insurance and if there is a mortgage your bank will. The major difference is that the condo policy will only cover personal belongings and the interior of the building not covered by the association. The association generally covers the building itself.

Does  Allstate  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Pitbulls?
I would suggest speaking with your Allstate agent directly for a more detailed answer. However, Pit Bulls/Staffordshire Terriers are on the excluded dog list for all of my home insurance carriers. This excluded dog list generally includes breeds such as Pit Bulls & Staffordshire Terriers,Doberman Pinschers,Rottweilers,German Shepherds,Chows,Great Danes,Presa Canarios,Akitas,Alaskan Malamutes,Siberian Huskies and Wolf-hybrids

Do  You  Need  Health  Insurance  To  Get  An  Abortion?
This is an interesting question. There are so many often bitterly expressed opinions on whether there should even be abortions. The answer to your question is no, you don't need it; in fact, you'd be hard pressed these days to find an insurer who would cover it. I know that if you are in a position to consider having one, that there is a lot of emotional stress and turmoil for you to bear. Please speak with your pastor, priest, counselor, the other parent,someone that you trust and really think through your options before acting. Your choice will affect more lives than just your own, and will for the rest of your lives. If I can help in any way, please feel free to contact me. Good luck, and thanks for asking.

How  To  Choose  A  Home  Insurance  Company?
Home insurance coverage should be consistent with other coverage you purchase, like auto insurance. Similar amounts of insurance, enough to cover the cost to repair or replace your home and other property. Similar liability limits, in case your negligence injures someone. Similar perils, if your car is covered for "any" damage, your home and property should be as well. Similar deductibles, I suggest deductibles not less than $1000. And it is not a bad idea to combine coverage with the same insurer whenever possible. Its better to deal with someone you already know and trust.If you don't, it may be a good time to find new auto insurance as well.

What  Is  Reduced  Paid  Up  Whole  Life  Insurance?
Reduced paid up whole life insurance is a policy for which the policy owner no longer wanted to pay premiums, but did not want to lose the death benefit. Rather than surrender the policy, or take the cash value, the policy owner decided to turn the policy into a reduced paid up whole life insurance policy. It has a lower death benefit than the original face amount of the policy, but requires no more premium payments and will pay out the stated, reduced benefit when death occurs.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Water  Heater  Replacement?
If your asking can homeowners insurance cover your water heater because it wore out then the answer is no. Insurance polices are not maintenance polices and do not cover wear and tear. Some insurance polices do an option for mechanical breakdown at an extra premium but again, even this extension of coverage would not cover just plain old wearing out.

Can  I  Change  From  Medicare  Advantage  To  Medigap?
Yes, you can change from Medicare Advantage to Medigap. You must first disenroll from your Medicare Advantage Plan and switch back to original Medicare. If you joined a Medicare Advantage plan when you first signed up for Medicare and are changing to Medigap within 12 months, you can choose from any Medigap policy. If you had a Medigap policy, switched to Medicare Advantage, and decided within 12 months to go back to Medigap, you can get your old policy back if it is still available. However, it will no longer have the prescription drug coverage. You may be able to get that from Medicare Part D.

What  Does  Car  Insurance  Lapse  Mean?
A lapse in coverage is what is meant, meaning that the policy is cancelled. This can occur for many reasons such as non payment of premium on the part of the insured or the cancellation or non renewal pf the policy by the insurance company. A lapse in coverage will, in many states, be reported to the Department of Motor Vehicles and may result in a fine and the suspension of the car's registration.

Why  Is  Home  Insurance  So  Expensive  In  Wisconsin?
Rates for homeowners insurance policies are based on the risk exposure and claims activity that a carrier has experienced. Almost all carriers within the United States have experienced an increase in premiums over the years due to the number of claims payouts from covered claims caused natural disasters and other covered incidents. I have seen questions from people all across the country that are asking about the cause of insurance premium increases. It is truely the unfortunate side effect of insurance that attempts to spread the financial risk across the many.

Who  Is  The  Beneficiary  In  Life  Insurance?
The beneficiary in a life insurance policy is the person or entity that will receive the death benefit when the insured person passes away. The primary beneficiary is the first person in line for the death benefit. The contingent beneficiary would receive the life insurance proceeds if the primary beneficiary is not alive.

How  To  Make  A  Claim  On  Someone  Else's  Car  Insurance?
This one is really dependent upon the circumstances and where you live. I can only speak to how Michigan will treat it. Since we're a No-Fault state, if your car is damaged, your insurance will cover the damage to your car(if you have physical damage coverage). If you don't carry physical damage coverage you can sue for up to $1,000 in small claims court. Now, most people in Michigan have coverage for this under their policies and will pay it out without going to court. You simply contact their company, explain the circumstances and submit a police report showing their driver is at fault. They usually pay these very quickly. If it's not for physical damage to a car, you may be able to do the same thing, but the outcome may be very different. If it's for property damage or an injury, they may or may not work with you. It's very possible you may have to sue the other driver to recover any damages. Remember, their insurance company represents their driver, not you. I would advise my clients to get an estimate on any damage to a car and to consult a doctor with any injury. Then, depending on what you find out, make a determination on whether it's worth pursuing. Any time you sue, there's a lot of time and energy involved and the outcome is not certain. You need to be able to put a dollar amount on it before you proceed. Get your ducks in a row first, then you'll be in a much better position.

What  Happens  If  Your  Auto  Insurance  Lapses?
That is a great question! First off, it becomes illegal for you to drive in most States. The process to reinstate the policy is usually fairly straightforward, you show proof of insurability (you didn't get into an accident, get DUI'd, or ticketed in the interim, have a major health issue, etc), and pay the back owed amount. If that is an issue, sometimes the insurer will be willing to prorate the back owed amount over the new premium, until it is repaid. Sometimes, it is easier to just get a policy with a new company, but expect to get questioned as to why your policy was allowed to lapse, and pay a higher premium. I hope that helps, thanks for asking!

Can  A  Person  With  HIV  Get  Life  Insurance?
A person with HIV can get life insurance by converting a present term policy into a permanent plan. There also may be group conversions available through an employer. Also, there are some guarantee-issue plans that possibly may be able to offer coverage. An experienced broker will find any available plans for you.

How  Can  I  Become  A  Car  Insurance  Broker?
To become a car insurance broker you will need to complete your states pre-licensing requirements and then take the state licensing exam. Once you pass the exam you will have your license issued, pending satisfactory review of your background check. Access to insurance carriers is more restricted when it comes to home and auto insurance vs. some othe lines of insurance, so you are best served to find a career position with a major carrier, or work as an assistant for a well established agent. This will give you the ability to eventually access independent carriers directly.

Is  TMJ  Covered  By  Obamacare
There is nothing in the Obamacare regulations that require an insurance company to cover TMJ. As has been the case in the past, at this point, very few, if any, insurance providers offer health insurance that provides any coverage at all for TMJ. There may be a handful of policies out there that do not exclude this condition, but I have yet to find one in any of the states I've ever practiced.

Why  Is  A  Roth  IRA  Better  Than  A  401K?
A Roth IRA isnt better. A Roth IRA is different. Contributions for a 401(K) reduce your current income tax. Contributions to a Roth IRA do not. Distributions from a 401(K) are fully taxable as ordinary income. Distributions from a Roth IRA are not taxable at all. The limits to how much you can put into a 401(K) are quite generous. The limits to contributions to a Roth IRA are restrictive. There are taxes and possible penalties if you withdraw money from a 401(K) prior to age 59.5. You can withdraw from the capital invested from a Roth IRA without tax consequences. There are advantages to both.

Where  Can  You  Buy  Annuities?
You can buy annuities from life insurance agents who offer them. These agents may be in an agency offering many companies or represent just one company. They may be financial planners. They may have websites. You should call around and ask if they have expertise in annuities, because that is very important in annuity sales, due to the large amounts of money involved and the many product features to choose from.

What  Are  Life  Insurance  Dividend  Options?
Life insurance dividend options tell the insurance company what you want to do with the dividend that is paid on a participating policy. Options depend on the company, but the most common options are: - Paid-up additions - where divididends are used to purchase paid up additions - Accumulate at interest - dividends are placed into an account at the insurance company and they earn a specificed interest rate set by the company - Reduce premium - dividends are used to pay down the premium or cover the entire premium due if the dividend is large enough to cover the premium - Purchase one year term insurance - the dividend purchases term insurance to increase total death benefit - Cash - the policy holder is simply paid the dividend as a check

Should  I  Choose  Medigap  Or  Medicare  Advantage?
It depends on your needs, budget, and preferences. I would recommend consulting with an independent Medigap broker who can work with you on a personal level and help you evaluate your options. If you want to create a predictable healthcare expense structure where you don't have to worry about receiving massive medical bills, you may want to consider buying a Medigap plan (most likely a Medigap Plan F or Plan G). The premiums for Medigap plans are typically a little higher than a Medicare Advantage plan, but they feature much broader coverage. Medigap plans are guaranteed renewable and are standardized (meaning a given Medigap plan features the same benefits regardless of the carrier you have it through - a plan F from company ABC is the same plan F from company XYZ). They also have no networks, meaning you can go to any doctor you want that accepts Medicare (the vast majority do these days and you can check to see if a doctor in your area does using a physician finder tool on Medicare's website, Medicare.gov). As far as services go, if your doctor accepts Medicare, then they have to accept your Medigap plan as well. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your Medigap coverage needs, including quotes and plan comparisons, and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Which  Credit  Cards  Provide  Rental  Car  Insurance?
In my experience, most of the major cards provide some coverage when the card is used to secure a rental car. Obviously, you should call the customer service number for your card to confirm exactly what benefits are provided. The coverage is usually for physical damage of the car and provides protection up to $500.00. This works nicely in most cases because assuming you have your own personal car insurance, on average it is very likely that you are carying a $500.00 deductible for both Comprehensive and Collision on that policy.

What  Is  Veterans  Group  Life  Insurance?
Veterans Group Life Insurance (VGLI) is five year renewable Term life insurance for persons who have served in the uniformed services. to convert SGLI (Servicemembers Group Life Insurance) to VGLI, you must do so within 120 days of your separation from the service. If you wait longer than the 120 days, you have one additional year, but then you must show evidence of good health to be approved.

What  renters  insurance  covers  the  entire  U.S.  no  matter  where  you  are  living?
Renters Insurance is available for tenants in all States. Renters Insurance Policies cover personal property, additional living expenses, personal liability and medical payments to others. Renters Insurance can be purchased by tenants renting houses, apartment units, condos and townhomes. Renters Insurance is transferrable from one rental unit to another when the insured moves; however, it is not transferrable across State lines since policies need to be rewritten according to State Department of Insurance regulations which are different in each State. Stillwater Insurance Group offers the most affordable options for renters; there is also an online self service renters insurance platform available directly for clients' use: WEBSITELINK Using the above link, you may obtain a free quote and purchase your insurance contract directly online. For further questions regarding any details, you may contact a licensed representative at: (877) 931-3368.

Can  Homeowners  Insurance  Be  Reinstated?
In most cases yes. Depending on the reason for the lapse and the term of the lapse many carriers will allow the policy to be re-instated. Normally the lapse term can not be more than 30 days. If you have had a lapse in your coverage and want to see about getting the policy re-instated contact your local agent, they are the front and rear line when it comes to your coverage. They can help you get your insurance coverage back on track.

How  To  Submit  A  Home  Insurance  Claim?
You are going to have to determine what caused the damages and submit a claim appropriately. For example there may be water damage of a broken pipe or water damage form a flood. both are water damage but both are not typically covered under the homeowners policy. A broken pipe from say a freeze loss would be typically covered. A flood from a nearby stream would not be covered. In property insurance you may have contents to list and produce a notice of loss. Such an inventory is hard to do after the damage occurs. for that reason we recommend keeping an inventory of your important household goods away form your premises in a safe place.

What  License  Is  Needed  To  Sell  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
A health insurance license is needed to sell long term care insurance. Also, there is a partnership long term care education course that is required to sell long term care policies. However, many of the same companies that offer life insurance are the ones that offer long term care insurance, in addition to some companies that mainly offer health insurance.

Does  Personal  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Rental  Vehicles?
There are a couple of angles on this question. And as always, check with your agent. Coverage varies by state and insurance company. In Illinois, your owned vehicle insurance policy generally extends coverage to the temporary use of a rental car, rented in the 50 states and Canada. The same coverage applies. That means that if you do NOT have physical damage coverages on your own policy, i.e. collision and comprehensive, you won't have them for the rental vehicle either. You would then need to purchase the physical damage waiver from the rental agency. All of this discussion refers to the rental of a private passenger vehicle. If you're moving and rent a truck for your belongings, your personal auto insurance will probably not cover it. If the original question relates to coverage to pay for a rental vehicle, most companies provide the optional coverage in the event of a covered claim.

How  Can  I  Get  Health  Insurance  Online  In  Texas?
Recommend that you go to www.healthcare.gov but if you did not have an application started by March 31st or if you are not eligible for a Special Enrollment Period you may have to wait till regular annual open enrollment which is in November. Feel free to contact me if you have any questions!

Can  Auto  Insurance  Companies  See  My  Driving  Record?
When you apply for auto insurance coverage with a carrier they pull your MVR record from your driver's license information that you have provided. If the carrier is not able to secure your driving record information they may either decline providing coverage to you or possibly surcharge their base rates.

Who  Regulates  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
The State Departments of Insurance (DOI) regulate and oversee long-term care insurance sold and administered in each state. The General Accounting Office of the federal government (GAO) works in concert with the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) to monitor the activities of the State DOI, and audit their work as it relates to payment of claims by individual insurance carriers, rate changes and approvals, and sales practices. In 2008, the GAO released a report "State Oversight of Rate Setting and Claims Settlement Practices" involving 10 sample states on the topicand reported the following: "Regulators in the 10 states GAO reviewed oversee claims settlement practices by monitoring consumer complaints and conducting examinations in an effort to ensure that companies are complying with standards. Claims settlement standards in these states largely focus on timely investigation and payment of claims and prompt communication with consumers, but the standards adopted and how states define timeliness vary notably across the states. Regulators told GAO that reviewing consumer complaints is one of the primary methods for monitoring companies compliance with state standards. In addition to monitoring complaints, these regulators also said that they use examinations of company practices to identify any violations in standards that may require further action. Finally, state regulators in 6 of the 10 states in GAOs review reported that their states are considering additional protections related to claims settlement. For example, regulators in several states said that their states were considering an independent review process for consumers appealing claims denials. Such an addition may be useful as some regulators said that they lack authority to resolve complaints where, for example, the company and consumer disagree on a factual matter, such as a consumers eligibility for benefits." Each state has a DOI website which includes a subsection on long-term care insurance sold in that state. Their Internet addresses are usually something like www.insurance.[abbreviation of state, like 'AZ'].gov.They can also be googled "[Name of state] State Department of Insurance".

Does  Aflac  Sell  Auto  Insurance?
No, Aflac is a life & health carrier, offering supplemental policies, that pay you not the doctor or hospital. If you have an injury for example, Aflac would pay you for sickness or injury. Auto, home owners, liability, & commercial insurance, would be considered property & causality insurance. Think of it as P&C covers your property, & any liability for causality or risk you would incur.

What  Happens  When  Your  Term  Life  Insurance  Expires?
If you have a term life insurance policy and the guarantee period on it is expiring, you have a several options: 1) you can continue to pay premiums as the policy will be annually renewable, however, the premiums will start to go up each year (based on age) by a substantial margin. 2) If the conversion period is still available, you can convert all, or a portion, of the face amount to a permanent policy with new medical underwriting. 3) you can stop paying premiums and let the policy lapse, thus ending your coverage. 4) you can apply for a new policy (can be with the same carrier or a new carrier) to secure a new term or permanent insurance policy. Please feel free to contact me for help. Thanks very much.

Is  There  A  Limit  To  How  Much  Life  Insurance  You  Can  Buy?
The purchase of life insurance is predicated on financial justification to come up with a death benefit. If the justification amount can be certified the death benefit, the numbers can become quite large, over $100,000,000. Many large insurance companies offer jumbo limits to 65 million. You can also justify life insurance coverage with the expected earnings (human value) for an individual to age 65 and use a multiplier to increase the death benefit amount.

Why  Is  Critical  Illness  Insurance  Important?
Critical illness is a broad form of cancer insurance. A good major medical plan will cover the lions share of your medical bills but there are always deductibles, copay's and coinsurance left over to be paid out of your pocket. A good critical illness insurance plan can help you pay these bills and a lot more.

How  To  Use  Disability  Insurance?
If your employer offers short term disability you can bring your exposure down to 30 days very cost effectively. By ensuring that you have no more than 30 days exposure you can protect your savings account from the necessity of having to use it to pay for short term disability plans. While your "occupation" classification determines if you can get a long term disability plan beyond 5 years the protection of being disabled should never be overlooked. If you look at the percertage possiblity of your being disabled is higher than your death. What is the importance of having an "own occupation" definition vs. "any occupation" definition?

Can  You  Borrow  Against  Globe  Life  Insurance?
Borrowing against a life insurance policy requires cash value inside that policy. Term life insurance doesn't have cash value, but whole life insurance policies may. So, you would need to have a whole life policy with Global Life Insurance in order to be able to borrow against it. Call up your company and ask if you have any cash value inside your policy and what the borrowing options and costs are.

Is  Life  Insurance  Subject  To  Federal  Income  Tax?
Is life insurance subject to income taxes? Usually, the answer is no. The proceeds of the death benefit are usually considered to be income tax free to the beneficiary because the policy owner had already paid taxes on the premium. Where the taxation would change would be where a tax deduction was taken on the premium.

What  Type  Of  Life  Insurance  Is  Best  For  Me?
Determining product suitability is a process that includes risk assessment, financial goals and establishing a timeline based on life expectancy. Once this discovery process determines the potential policy owners needs and financial profile then you can purchase life insurance based on you needs and product suitability.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  After  Open  Heart  Surgery?
It is pretty easy to get a simplified issue life insurance policy after having a coronary bypass. And as the name says, you are guaranteed to qualify for a guaranteed issue policy. If you want more than $50,000 of coverage, whether you qualify for that amount will depend on the age at which you had your open heart surgery, how many vessels were involved, whether there were any blockages later, and how your stress tests results are now. If you smoke or have other health conditions, such as diabetes, you most likely will be declined for this type of medically underwritten policy. But if you were at an older age when you had your heart surgery, it was effective and not too extensive, there is a good chance that you can get the amount of coverage you desire.

How  To  Decide  How  Much  Renters  Insurance  To  Get?
To decide how much renters insurance to get you should sit down and do an inventory of everything you have that you would have to replace if there was a flood or fire. Be sure and figure the replacement cost of the property you own and not what you think it is worth. Also be sure and stipulate that you want a replacement value policy.

What  To  Look  For  In  A  Term  Life  Insurance  Policy?
The most important thing to look for in a term policy is convertability. Convertability is the ability to go to a permanent policy without having to proove "insurability" from the term policy company. Why is this so important? Term is for a temporary need. Term covers a piece of time and what happens inside that period of time. If you live past that period of time, and still need insurance you will be faced with a great increased cost that will rise every year there after, so conversion gives you the opportunity to continue you coverage at a rate class you may never qualify again for.

What  Term  Life  Insurance  Should  I  Get?
If you are asking what length of term life insurance to get, that depends on the need for which you are purchasing the policy. Generally, it is a good idea to lock in your rate for as long a term as possible, because no one knows what their health will be the next time they apply. Also, age makes a big difference in premiums, especially in men and those who need to add on table ratings due to a health condition. However, if you are buying life insurance to pay off a mortgage for which only 7 years are left, getting a short term policy makes more sense.

What  Is  The  Difference  Between  Life  Insurance  And  Critical  Illness  Cover?
Life insurance covers against the loss incurred upon the death of an individual. Dying is the triggering event that makes the insurer pay a claim. Critical illness insurance covers against the loss incurred by a major medical condition like stroke, heart attack, or cancer. The triggering event is the illness. The insurer pays a claim to help cover the costs associated with the illness.

Do  I  Need  Private  Disability  Insurance  If  I  Have  A  Group  Plan  Through  Work?
I personally dont think anyone should settle for a group plan through their employer. An individual contract is portable and will follow you to any future position you take. If you get sick or injured while on your group plan, and one day decide to change jobs, it will be much harder to get coverage. And unlike the coverage a group plan offers, private disability insurance benefits are tax fee! With private DI, you can receive 70-80% of your take home pay, as opposed to group plans that typically offer 42% after taxes. Also, individual plans offer extra features like future increase options, partial disability or cost of living adjustments.

How  Much  Does  Renters  Insurance  Cost  A  Year?
Renters Insurance costs vary depending on the location, type of dwelling and amount of property coverage. The cost of renters insurance will also vary depending on the insurance carrier you choose to go with. I know for my Farmers agency, renters insurance can be as little as $10 a month.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Locksmith?
If you lost your keys, you're probably out of luck since most insurers don't pay for replacement keys in that situation. However, if your locks were damaged during a theft or break-in, or the keys were stolen, many homeowner's policies will pay for their replacement. It's possible a deductible may not apply since it clearly is in your and the insurance company's best interest to replace your locks. An experienced broker will shed additional light and information on this topic.

What  Are  The  Coverage  Characteristics  Of  Life  Insurance?
The coverage characteristics of life insurance are relatively simple. Life insurance is meant to replace the income, the debt or the financial need of a business partner, spouse or loved one that would be in need in case of your death. A person dependent upon your income can be compensated, such as a child or spouse. An institution can have a debt repaid, such as a bank, mortgage company or credit union. A business that would suffer financially from the death of a partner or key employee. Life insurance is the most affordable way to cover these financial losses due to an unexpected or sudden death. We all die someday, don't leave a big financial mess behind for those that depend on you.

Would  Health  Insurance  Cover  Therapy?
Does Health Insurance Cover Therapy? It depends on the type of therapy. Most quality group plans will cover physical, physiological or other types of therapy. If you have an individual health plan pre-2014 I would check your benefit details, because many of the old policies did not cover therapy. Post-2014 plans tend to have stronger coverage. Request your summary of benefits and Coverage to see how the specific therapy treatment is covered under your benefits. Please click the "Contact Me" button on the left or run a personalized quote at: WEBSITELINK Also, you can call me anytime at: 561-320-2978

Does  Medicare  Cover  Erectile  Dysfunction  Medications?
Erectile dysfunction medications such as Viagra and Cialis are not covered by Medicare (not under Medicare Part D Drug Plans or any other Medicare plan). This coverage was discontinued by Medicare in 2006. Medicare will cover penile vacuum pumps, or penile inflation devices if the pumps are ineffective, for some cases of erectile dysfunction.

Why  Has  Homeowners  Insurance  Gone  Up?
Homeowner's insurance premiums have gone up because the average coverage on homes has increased over the years. Not only are dwelling amounts increasing, but the personal property and other parts of the policy have higher amounts. Liability costs and medical cost are higher than they were in the past and that has increased costs. And of course, national disasters (such as the recent tornadoes in Oklahoma) continue to cost billions of dollars to insurers.

Will  Medicare  Cover  Weight  Loss  Programs?
Medicare will cover weight loss programs when weight has a direct impact on health. Some health conditions that may be alleviated by weight loss are sleep apnea, hypertension, joint pain, and diabetes type 2. Medicare will pay for 3 hours of weight management counseling the first year and two hours of counseling each year after that. If further treatment is needed, Medicare can provide more, including gastric bypass surgery, if needed.

Will  My  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  My  Wedding  Ring?
Your homeowners insurance will cover your wedding ring if the value of the ring does not exceed the amount of insurance you have for jewelry watches and furs in your homeowners policy. For most people the base amount of insurance is $2500. If the value of your wedding ring exceeds that, you should contact your agent and get your policy amended to a higher value. Keith Prim - Dallas, TX 214-435-0791

Does  Geico  Provide  Life  Insurance?
Yes, Geico provides life insurance to its customers by referring such customers to my firm, LifeQuotes.com. At WEBSITELINK you can instantly comparerate quotesof 35 leading life companies ranging from $5,000 to $25 million. Our rating engine handles 30 common illnesses and customers are free to buy from any company shown.

Will  My  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Asbestos?
A homeowners policy is designed to pay for damages to your home and personal property that arise from named perils. These perils include fire, wind, etc. They do not include issues that have to do with maintenance of the structure. It is highly unlikely that your homeowners policy will pay for the removal of asbestos from the building.

Where  Can  I  Get  Group  Health  Insurance?
There are two paths to getting group health insurance for your business. First, the "do it yourself" approach where you can call up or go to a health insurance carrier's web site and request a quote. Of course, this assumes you know all the health insurance carrier options in your state and that you will know what information you need to have available to get a quote. You may also discover that a health insurance carrier doesn't work directly with the group consumer and they will recommend you seek out an insurance broker. Keep in mind that a group health insurance carrier can only talk to you about their products and services so you can't expect them to help you comparison shop and, of course, every health insurance carrier thinks their products are the best. This brings us to the appropriate option, seek out a group health insurance broker. Do a web search, ask a fellow businessperson or friend but find an experienced, knowledgeable employee benefits professional to guide you through this process. There is a lot involved in setting up an employee benefits program and with the market changes imposed by Obamacare the task has become even more complex and demanding. If you are needing help in setting up or reviewing your group health plan contact me at WEBSITELINK .

Is  My  Life  Insurance  Safe?
Life insurance companies are highly regulated by the states in which they do business. Historically, life insurance companies have been very safe and very reliable for paying claims. There are also life insurance state pools that provide a safety net if a life insurance company would default on its contracts. Typically, if a life insurance company struggles, it is bought by another company and all the policy contractual agreements are honored by the new company.

Does  Hipaa  Apply  To  Disability  Insurance?
Employer provided Disability Insurance is not covered under HIPAA. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act was developed in part to simplify the health care system through electronic technology, yet protect the privacy of health information. The HIPAA Administration Simplification regulations exclude Disability Insurance because the benefit it provides does not fit their definition for a health plan.. As far as applying for a Disability Insurance policy goes, yes, your medical information privacy is protected by HIPAA.

How  Do  I  Know  If  I  Need  Medigap  Insurance?
That is a question only you can answer. Consider this. Medicare has two parts. Part A (hospital) and Part B (outpatient). Medicare only pays about 80% of the cost of your care, you pay the other 20%. Your financial responsibility is unlimited. If you are comfortable with paying large deductibles for hospital admission and 20% of outpatient charges you may not need a Medigap plan. The per admission Medicare Part A deductible is $1184. The Part B annual deductible is $147 followed by 80% coinsurance. (Medicare pays 80%, you pay the balance). #GeorgiaMedigapPlanRates #GeorgiaMedicarePlans #GaMedigapQuotes

Does  Owning  A  Home  Affect  Car  Insurance?
Yes and no. I said no because owning a home does not make you a better or worse driver. So, when actuaries are going through and determining premiums for losses and gains they will probably not give any significant weight to owning a home. I also said yes because if you group your home and auto together most insurers will give you a multi-policy discount. This is just a discount for doing all your business with one insurance company.

What  Is  Medicare  Part  F  For?
Medicare has 4 parts. Medicare Part A is the hospital portion, Part B is for outpatient care. Medicare Part C is an Advantage plan and Part D is for outpatient prescription drugs. Perhaps you mean Medicare supplement plan F? Supplement plan F covers 100% of approved Medicare A and B charges.

What  Is  The  Best  Health  Insurance  In  Kentucky?
This question cannot be answered without more detail. Where you live, the health services you use, and what providers you prefer must be taken into account. While the Kynect exchange is the easiest in the country to use, the number of options available requires a great amount of research or knowledge to truly find the best coverage for an individual. A navigator or connector can provide information, but only agents and brokers can recommend specific policies, and there is no additional cost for this service. You can find navigators, connectors, and agents by clicking on the Assistors button at the top of the page within Kynect.

How  To  Pick  Renters  Insurance?
While the companies vary, the real choice is among the agents. A trusted agent is a good listener, a wise counselor and an honest advocate. If you dont have an agent, get a recommendation from a friend, colleague or neighbor. Listen carefully to the advice the agent provides. When you receive your policy make sure that it is what you wanted. In this process dont overlook the need for adequate limits. The worst policy is the one that doesnt meet your needs when you have a claim.

How  Are  Distributions  From  Nonqualified  Annuities  Taxed?
Non-qualified tax deferred annuities accumulate tax deferred. The distribution of gain in an annuity is taxable as ordinary income at the effective tax bracket rate of the annuity owner. The basis, or original contributions, are distributed tax free. The long term tax deferral for on-qualified tax deferred annuities can have a significant financial impact.

Is  Giving  My  Life  Insurance  Policy  Away  To  A  Charity  A  Good  Idea?
The idea of giving life insurance proceeds to your favorite charity can be a noble idea. If there are no loved ones or business interest that would suffer a financial loss at your death, a charity can be a wonderful idea for these tax free proceeds. Be sure and seek advice from your attorney or speak to the charities accountant department to be sure you list the beneficiary properly on the policy to help them avoid unnecessary taxation of the charity. Congratulations on your noble idea.

Why  Is  Life  Insurance  Not  Taxed?
In general terms, the death benefit proceeds are paid to the beneficiaries of life insurance policy tax free. There may be some tax exposure in business and estate scenarios. But the government made a decision quite some time ago that life insurance presented a social good that warranted the tax preference.

What  Is  Trade  Car  Insurance?
Trade car insurance is also known as temporary trade-in car insurance. This is a type of auto policy that is designed to provide short-term coverage when you are between vehicles. However, rather than thinking of it as a separate type of auto policy, think of it as a regular policy with a shorter life, much like a short term or temporary health insurance policy that only covers you for a brief, predetermined number of days. Depending on the state you reside in, and how vehicle registrations are handled in your state, trade car insurance may not even be necessary or available.

Can  You  Get  Insurance  On  A  Car  You  Don't  Own?
The short answer is yes. Insurance typically follows the person not the vehicle. There are many situations in which you may have access to a vehicle that you do not own. You still need to protect yourself financially by have insurance coverage when you drive the vehicle. Contact your local agent to find out about coverages and costs for the policies available within your geographic area.

Why  Does  Suze  Orman  Not  Like  Annuities?
Suze Orman seems to have softened her position on annuities. In the past she has be extremely critical of annuities. But recent postings on the Internet suggest she has modified her position if not her overall tone. Theres a piece on the Internet called Truth About Annuities, apparently authored by Suze, where she gives some latitude in their use in certain scenarios.

Is  Vital  Stim  Covered  By  Medicare?
Vitalstim is not covered by Medicare for the treatment of dyspahgia. They have explained that the treatment is experimental and has not proven to be effective in treating swallowing difficulty. Neuromuscular Electrical Stimulation (NMES) can be covered for non-neurological reasons for disuse atrophy and for walking in patients with spinal cord injury.

What  Is  A  SERP  Retirement  Plan?
A SERP is a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan generally for key executives in a company. Employers who wish to retain the services of important employees use deferred compensation plans as golden handcuffs to secure their employment into the future. SERPs generally have a vesting schedule over a time certain period described in the arrangement.

When  Should  You  Get  Renters  Insurance?
You need renters insurance when you have something to loose. That something could be more than your stuff. It could be the reasonable rent you have. If there were a fire, and you had to leave for another apartment, you might have to pay more rent. LOSS OF USE is a coverage built in to the policy. If you have to leave your 2 bedroom, second floor apartment where you pay $500 a month because of a fire, you can move into a similar apartment and if that similar apartment cost more, LOSS OF USE will pay for the extra (above $500) rent. It will not pay for you to move into a four bedroom penthouse apartment. That's not similar. If a friend or someone else visits, goes to the bathroom and slips on the floor they could get injured... badly. A renters policy includes two important coverages: MEDICAL PAYMENTS and BODILY INJURY LIABILITY. MEDICAL PAYMENTS would pay hospital or doctor expenses necessary to treat your friend. The limit is usually $1,000 but you can buy more and it's cheap. If your friend gets a lawyer and sues you, BODILY INJURY LIABILIYT will pay for an attorney to defend you AND pay the damages if you lose. The limits generally start at $100,000, but check the price for higher limits as it also is cheap. Finally, there is your stuff. Maybe it's used and worn and you don't think it's worth a lot. But if you had to go out and buy EVERYTHING all over again, it would be expensive. You can buy insurance that will replace your old stuff with new stuff. You just have to make sure you have REPLACEMENT COST COVERAGE. REMEMBER: Insurance does not cover everything for every imaginable kind of claim. There are limits and exclusions. They are generally the same from company to company. Find an agent you can talk to and ask questions. Good Luck Kevin P. Foley, CPA, CPCU PFT&K Insurance Brokers 877-414-2031 WEBSITELINK

How  Many  Companies  Will  Drop  Health  Insurance?
It's hard to predict how many companies will drop health insurance. However, the number could be significant, although not likely staggering. If they drop coverage for their employees, many companies will have to pay a fine, due to Obamacare. However, they may become much more competitive in the marketplace which will help their productivity.

How  Does  Joint  Credit  Life  Insurance  Work?
Credit life insurance is not traditional life insurance that pays the beneficiary, who in turn pays lenders. Credit life insurance charges the borrower for credit insurance that will pay the loan off in the event of death of the borrower. The money goes directly to the lender. Joint credit life insurance covers two insured persons, the borrower and co-signer. It will pay the loan off if either one or both insured persons passes.

Can  You  Smoke  Weed  And  Get  Life  Insurance?
You sure can toke and get life insurance.... kinda... Don't take all our answers as a 100% YES that you can.... Since the time of the last posts, a LOT has happened politically around the subject of weed. Some life insurance carriers have lightened up on their guidelines as well. If you like a little bud from time to time, HERE ARE THE TIPS I have wen looking for life insurance: 1) BE UPFRONT. You're going to have to pee in a cup and donate a little blood. So don't lie. Tell the agent you smoke!! 2) Be honest about how much & how often. How much and how often is very important when picking the right carrier. If you have any more questions, reach out!! -gravy

How  Much  Does  An  Annuity  Pay  Per  Month?
How much does an annuity pay per month will depend on the amount of money that is put into the annuity and the growth rate . The higher the amount funding the annuity, the higher the payout. If you are referring to an annuity with an income rider, this vehicle will pay out a percentage of the income account, depending on the annuitant's age when they turn on the income stream. An annuity is a excellent way to protect yourself from outliving your retirement savings.

What  Is  PTD  Life  Insurance?
PTD in life insurance stands for Permanent and Total Disability. It is a feature of some policies in some European countries that provides the Insured a regular payment if they are permanently disabled (unable to do their own job, or any job, depending on the type of policy purchased).

Is  Flood  Damage  Covered  Under  Homeowners  Insurance?
One word - No. Damage caused by Flood is a specific and extremely common if not universal exclusion in Homeowners policies. Though it may be possible to endorse your policy to cover damage caused by a failure of a drainage system, there is no endorsement for flood. That protection is only available by purchasing a Flood Insurance policy

Does  Medigap  Plan  F  Cover  Physical  Therapy?
MediGap Plan F policies are designed to pick up the 20% that Medicare doesn't cover in exchange for a monthly premium. The plans are standardized and are required to cover all of the approved services covered by Medicare Parts A & B. Physical Therapy is considered an outpatient rehabilitative service. This category is a Medicare covered benefit which includes Occupational Therapy, Physical Therapy, Speech and Language Therapy.

Home  Prices  Are  Down  So  Why  Not  Insurance?
Home prices do not reflect the cost of reconstruction. Insurance is there to rebuild your home if it is damaged. Most claims are not total losses. It is always the rebuilding process that is expensive. It is expensive to make a kitchen that has been damaged by fire look like it never happened.

Will  Medicare  Premiums  Rise  In  2014?
I'm not sure if you're referring to Part B, Medicare Supplements, Medicare Advantage Plans or Part D drug coverage. In any scenario, it's a little early to tell, as the plans for 2014 have not been released yet. But this is exactly why we have open enrollment... to see thecost & coveragefor the upcoming year and make coverage changes if desired. So your definitive answer will come starting October 15th.

Does  Homeowner's  Insurance  Cover  Stolen  Car  Key  FOB  Replacement?
That is a good question. In most states coverage for auto related claims will fall under your auto insurance. Having said that, some homeowners insurance policies provide coverage for theft away from premises. The more important question is, "What is your homeowners insurance deductible?" If you have a $500 deductible and the key FOB is $500, and it was covered, you would collect $0 because you haven't exceeded your deductible. Even if your policy did provide coverage, and you exceeded your deductible, I wouldn't recommend you file a claim. Homeowners insurance is best reserved for catastrophic losses like; wind, fire, hail, lightning, hurricanes, water damage from a pipe burst, etc. If you file a claim for your key FOB and next week have to file another claim because of something listed above, the insurance company will have grounds to non-renew or cancel your policy. Even if they didn't cancel your policy, you could see a rate increase because of the claim that was submitted for your key FOB. Over the next few years you would likely exceed the value of the key FOB with increased insurance premium cost. The thought process by the insurance companies is "frequency leads to severity" and insurance companies do not like severity. Hope this answer helps.

How  Long  Does  Renters  Insurance  Take  To  Pay  Out?
Most claims are paid within a few hours to a few days with many carriers. There are many factors that will decide how long a claim takes to process. A few of those factors are: the amount of the claim, the type of claim, the availability of police reports or other supporting documents, just to name a few. If you feel a claim is taking longer than it should to be processed contact your local agent and express your concern so that they can help you gain some insight as to when the claim is expected to achieve completion.

Can  I  Buy  Auto  Insurance  Without  Owning  A  Car?
It would be different for every state. In Michigan we have something called Non-Owner coverage. This would be the coverage you would need if you did not own a vehicle and it covers your liability when you're driving someone else's vehicle. However, the vehicle that you are driving would still need to have current registration and current insurance on it by the owner of the vehicle for your non-owner coverage to be valid.

When  Can  I  Use  My  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Once your long term care insurance is in effect, the definition of activities of daily living (ADL) provide the guidance for reviewing the policy provisions that trigger a claim. Some long term care insurance companies allow two out of six ADLs to initiate a legitimate claim and distribute the benefits of the policy.

Will  Medicare  Pay  For  An  Eye  Exam?
This is a good question. Medicare typically does not cover routine eye exams unless there is an issue such as cataracts. Keep in mind that Medicare advantage plans, Part C normally will provide you with vision coverage and stand alone dental/vision plans are available in some states.

Who  Should  Buy  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
A better question would be "Who Shouldn't Buy Long-term Care Insurance"? Thats simpler to answer. The following people should NOT buy long term care insurance: 1. Those that cannot afford the premium on even a base policy. 2. Those that have virtually no assets to pass on to the next generationand will need every available dollar saved for retirement. 3. Those that will have to work until they die for lack of savings and insufficient Social Security payments or private pension. 4. Those that cannot medically qualify. 5. Those that are already unable to perform regular daily activities of living without assistance. People in those conditions may qualify for the payment of long-term care through Medicaid (MediCal in California) if they come to a point in their life where they need care and can't afford it. If the above conditions describe you in any way, you should be sitting down with your adult children or closest relatives and coming up with a plan of action should you be unable to take care of yourself. Everyone else should consider buying some long-term care insurance through an agent or agency that either specializes or has a specialist that is experienced in handling long-term care insurance casework. Having some amount of insurance is better than having none. When one qualifies to receive payments from the insurance company for long-term care, they are usually near the end of their life. The average long-term care claim is approximately 2 - 2.5 years. For those that need care longer than that, virtually all but the most unusual claims are paid out after 5 years. Families with a history of late-life mental illness (dementia or Alzheimers) should consider buying a larger pool of money than others, if they can afford it. It is in the best interest of the adult children to help out with long-term care premium payments if the elderly parents cannot afford to pay all of the costs. Long-term care is an emotional, psychological, sociological, and family problem as much as it is financial. For the dignity of those who need care and the people or person most likely to be the caregiver, there needs to be a plan of action determined and long-term care insurance should be a part of that plan if it can be afforded and the person is medically qualified. Long-term care insurance is best purchased when young. Premiums can and will go up during the life of the policy if all the bells and whistles are included in the design of the coverage. But, those increases will seem like pocket-change if one needs long-term care. $80,000 per year is not unusual for facility care today. 24/7 home care can exceed $20,000 per month! With family help, home care costs can be kept down. But, if facility care is required, there's not much that can be done about avoiding high costs. Long-term care costs vary by place. The left- and right-hand coasts are the most expensive. Relocation may be necessary to get affordable care in a quality facility.

Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Drop  Me?
Your insurance policy has a specific term. The company is not obligated to renew the policy for another term. Most do. The company can cancel the policy before the end of the term if they suspect fraud or determine that there is an unsafe condition present. The company might conduct an inspection that uncovers conditions that require repair to avoid cancellation.

What  Is  The  Best  Life  Insurance  Policy  For  Me?
Most people find that they purchase multiple life insurance policies during their lifetime. Having the appropriate coverage at the time of death is a critical matter that requires the counsel of a trusted life insurance agent. The type of policy that the agent will recommend will vary depending on how long the funds will be required. Some insurance will be needed for your entire life. Life insurance exists to help those you love through a very difficult time. Selecting policies, limits and features requires the assistance of a knowledgeable agent.

Can  I  Switch  Auto  Insurance  In  The  Middle  Of  A  Policy?
Auto insurance is an at will product. This means that you can change carriers at any point that you wish. You will have to pay your premium to the carrier you are signing with and then inform your current carrier to cancel your policy effective the start date of the new policy. Your current carrier should refund any unused portion of the premium that you already paid for the current term.

What  Happens  When  Your  Homeowners  Insurance  Drops  You?
Well, if for some reason your company non-renews or cancelsyour Homeowners' coverage, the best thing to do would be to start researching coverage availablity with other carriers. Though there are many commonalities in underwriting standards among companies, there are also differences. Hopefully another carrier will be able to offer you coverage. If not, check with your insurance professional about coverage that might be available in a state insurance plan. The coveragemay be more limited than you have been used to having,and the pricing may be higher, but this might be another avenue. Finally, if you have a mortgage, they will be notified and if you are not able to obtain coverage on your own, trust me, they will obtain it and pass the premium on to you.

Is  Birth  Control  Covered  By  Health  Insurance?
Great question, Contraceptives are normally covered by mayor medical, normally there is co-pay or cost involved. However to be totally sure, call your insurance company or take a look in your summary of benefits. You can normally get a summary of benefits booklet mailed or emailed to you from the insurance company.

How  Does  Long  Term  Disability  Insurance  Work?
Long term disability traditionally covers you until age 65 against prolonged illness and injury. Many advisers call disability insurance, paycheck protection. Most working Americans have 90 days in cash reserves, so a traditional elimination or waiting period is 90 days before tax free benefits begin. Disability insurance is part of a solid defensive plan and in tandem with term life insurance can deliver the peace of mind workers need.

How  Are  Fixed  Annuities  Taxed?
Non-qualified tax deferred annuity distributions are taxed as ordinary income at the annuity owners effective tax bracket rate. The annuity basis, or original contributions are distributed tax free.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Flu  Shots?
The Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) mandated many preventive benefits for adults and children, including flu shots. Typically, any deductible, copay or coinsurance is waived for qualified preventive benefits. This would apply to both individual and group medical plans. Before getting the shot, however, it is wise to quickly consult your agent/broker to verify your benefits for the specific shot you are receiving. If you do not currently have health insurance, you can easily and quickly purchase a plan from an experienced broker or a reputable health insurance website that offers free online quotes with no obligation. Exchange plans will not require any medical questions to be answered.

Why  Would  An  Insurance  Company  Deny  Life  Insurance?
The main reason(s) a life insurance would deny Life Insurance are: 1) Medical Issues (pre-existing conditions) 2) Your financials do not warrant the benefit amount you are seeking If they deny due to medical reasons, you could apply for a "simplified issue" product. This is not guaranteed, but there is no paramed (medical exam) so it may be easier to get issued. Of course, the premium is higher, but it may be an alternative.

Can  I  Renew  Car  Insurance  Early?
If you have received your billing for the upcoming policy period, you can immediately pay it. However, with the vast majority of carriers, there is no discount or reduction in your premium when you pay well in advance before the due date. Although you are probably earning a very low interest (if any) on your checking account or money market, why not leave the money in there as long as possible?

Does  A  Roth  IRA  Double  Every  7  Years?
The fact that it is a Roth IRA is irrelevant. The doubling of an investment has to do with the interest rate it is earning. If you use the Rule of 72, a formula by Albert Einstein, it is a great measurement of doubling money. The rule is simple, divide the number 72 by the interest rate you are receiving (72/10=7.2), and you will find the number of years it will take to double your money. It is called the Rule of 72 because at 10% interest, the money will double every 7.2 years. So in order to double your Roth IRA every 7 years it must be earning just over 10%. This is a very aggressive estimate with current interest rates around 1% to 2%.

What  Is  The  Oldest  Life  Insurance  Company?
The oldest insurance company in the world isprobably Lloyd's of London. In the US, the first life insurance company was First Presbyterian, a stock company. The firstmutuallife insurance company was the New England, now owned by MetLife.

What  Factors  Affect  Life  Insurance  Premiums?
Life insurance premiums are affected by: age, gender, health class, amount of insurance, length of coverage, and riders. Health class is usually subdivided into smoker or nonsmoker and rating such as preferred plus, preferred, standard plus, and standard. Substandard is table 1 - 10 with 10 being the worse. The rating/health class is determined by build, family history and motor vehicle report. It is important to review your situation with a knowledgeable agent to make sure you apply with the best company for your unique circumstances.

Is  Medicare  Supplemental  Insurance  Worth  It?
Medicare supplemental insurance can be a financial lifeline for most people. Medicare Part A and Part B only cover about 80% of approved charges. This can leave you owing many thousands of dollars and there is no cap on your out of pocket. Medicare supplemental insurance plans allow you to decide how much risk you are willing to accept. The most popular plans will reduce your financial obligation to less than $500 per year.

How  To  Sign  Up  For  Medigap?
The best way to buy a Medigap plan is to do it through an independent broker who can compare multiple options to find you the desired plan at the lowest possible cost (brokers do not charge any fees for their services) - I can help you with this as my background is in senior life and health insurance (including Medigap plans). If you're new to Medicare, you have a 6-month initial enrollment period where you can sign up for any Medigap plan from any carrier without any medical underwriting, meaning they are guaranteed issue. Give me a call and I will help you get your Medigap plan set up. Thanks very much.

How  Often  Will  Medicare  Pay  For  A  CPAP  Machine?
If you qualify, Medicare will pay for the rental of a CPAP machine. You must have been seen by a doctor, and that doctor must have prescribed a sleep study. The study must be conducted by a Medicare approved facility and your diagnosis must be confirmed. You must have been trained on the care and use of a CPAP before Medicare will cover the rental.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Flood?
Flood is one of the leading causes of property loss in the United States. The problem is so great that the Federal Government has a program to provide that coverage. Private insurers, normally exclude damage caused by water entering the residence from the outside and in particular by flood. Your current insurance agent can probably give you specific information about the flood program in your area.

Is  Money  From  Disability  Insurance  Taxable?
This is one of the most popular questions that I get asked so here is my answer: If you paid all of the premiums with after-tax income, or if your employer made the contributions and included the amounts in your gross income, any disability insurance benefits paid to you are exempt from tax.

How  Does  Social  Security  Fit  Into  My  Retirement  Plan?
Social Security is a critical component in your retirement plan. The provisional income test for Social Security benefit taxation includes qualified plan distributions and income from other sources. Retirement planning is an art. Cash flow after tax is the monthly name of the game for seniors. If you can you should work until age 70, delay taking your Social Security until age 70 and your required minimum distributions until 70 .

Can  Health  Insurance  Be  Cancelled?
Health Insurance Companies can not drop you as a policyholder at will. The only reason thet may drop a policyholder is for not telling of a prexisting condition, fraud, and related misrepresentations. Non payment of premiums and if you are in a group plan with employers, and switch jobs then there is a chance you may stay on through the COBRA act. They can not discontinue coverageyou in the middle of treatment. As with all insurance companiesit is best to be truthful with all questions that are asked and that will save you time and error.

How  Do  You  Become  Eligible  For  Medicare?
Most people become eligible for Medicare at age 65 but there are some situations where someone under 65 can receive Medicare, as well. 1) If you have a disability and have been receiving SSDI for more than 24 months, you will automatically be enrolled in Medicare in the 25th month. 2) If you have been diagnosed with End Stage Renal Disease, are on kidney dialysis or had a kidney transplant, and a number of other qualifying factors, you are eligible to receive Medicare. Speak to a representative for details as there are many qualifications involved. 3) You have ALS and have enrolled for SSDI. Note: Railroad workers will have some different stipulations. For all of the above, contact Social Security at 800-772-1213 for accurate and up to date information.

Is  Variable  Annuity  A  Security?
That is an excellent question! Unlike fixed annuities or indexed annuities, yes, variable annuities are considered a security. The agent needs to have a securities license to sell you one, and you will have all kinds of authorities looking over the process to ensure that it is right for you. These can be very risky investments, so please be sure that you understand what you are buying. Thanks for asking!

Does  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Hit  And  Run?
In Illinois damage to the car you are driving caused by a hit and run driver is covered under the collision portion of the policy insuring the vehicle. Again in Illinois, when you have no collision coverage, uninsured motorist property damage coverage is available, but applicable only when it can be verified that the at-fault driver has no insuance. If you are hurt, your medical coverage would apply. Uninsured motorist coverage for your financial loss as a result of injury is included in Illinois auto insurance, but again would require verification that the other party is not insured. Check with your agent. Laws vary by state.

Can  Medicaid  Take  My  Life  Insurance?
When you apply for Medicaid, a representative of the US Dept of Health and Human Services will meet with you to determine your eligibility. There is a limit on how much income you can have, and also a limit on the amount of assets you have, in order to qualify for Medicaid. Your assets do include any cash value life insurance policies that you own. If you have Term insurance, it will not be counted, because there is no cash value in Term life insurance. If your cash value in Whole or Universal Life exceeds a certain amount, you have some options. You may be able to designate it for your funeral expenses. Or you may be able to use the cash value for long term care expenses and keep at least part of the death benefit. Your social worker will help you with your Medicaid spend down, but you can also contact a reputable life insurance agent or attorney to assist you.

What  Does  A  Retirement  Plan  Administrator  Do?
The Retirement Plan Administrator typically is responsible for administering all aspects of the plan for the plan sponsor (normally a company sponsoring the plan). Some of the duties include providing summary of the plan to participants, selecting investments for the plan, enrolling plan entrants in a timely manner. Most plan administrators will contract with a third party to help with all the responsibilities, including filing Form 5500 (like a tax return for retirement plans) and often the testing required by the government to make sure the plan is not discriminating higher income employees over the lower income employees.

Can  You  Take  Out  Life  Insurance  On  Other  People?
You can take out life insurance on other people if you have an insurable interest in their lives. I.e. Their death would affect you financially, in a negative way. The life insurance is to make up for that loss, not to make a profit on their death. They must give permission for you to take out life insurance on them.

What  Age  Should  You  Buy  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
It is best to buy long term care insurance by age 60 in order to avoid some of the health conditions that start showing up more frequently after age 60. If you have certain high LTC risk conditions in your family, such as stroke, cancer, diabetes, Alzheimer's or arthritis, you may want to apply even earlier.

Is  The  Car  Or  Driver  Covered  By  Auto  Insurance?
Almost all carriers recognize coverage as covering the driver first and then the vehicle. In other words if you have auto insurance coverage and are driving another persons vehicle that you are not covered under normally; your insurance carriier will more than likely be on the hook in the event of an accident that you are deemed responsible for while driving that vehicle. If you allow someone else to your vehicle that does not have their own auto coverage; once again your auto insurance carrier would more than likely be on the hook in the event of accident that they are involved in that they are deemed at fault which could affect your premium or coverage in the future.

How  Much  Should  I  Expect  To  Pay  For  Disability  Insurance?
Depending upon your gender, age, nonsmoking status and good health condition you should be ready to pay 5 to 8% of your compensation. This estimation is based on whether you pay the premium after tax for a tax free benefit of up to 60% of your compensation or pay the premium pretax for a taxable benefit up to 80% of your compensation, provided that you have ability to use the premium as a legitimate business deduction.

My  son  is  18  and  living  at  home  and  my  daughter  is  20  living  at  home.  Do  I  need  to  insurance  them  or  just  the  vehicles?
An auto policy insures an automobile. The automobile is registered to at least one member of a household. The entire household is insured while operating that vehicle. You can exclude a poor driver. If excluded the driver cannot operate any vehicle registered to the household. If a covered driver operates an auto that is not registered to the household, coverage is extended in the event the loss in an accident exceeds the limits of the policy covering that vehicle.

What  Percentage  Of  Americans  Have  A  Retirement  Plan?
Back in 2010 a report cited in the New York Times said that 75% of those nearing retirement, i.e. baby boomers, had an average of $30,000 in their retirement accounts. Almost half will by on an unsustainable food budget of $5 per person. Social Security for the middle class will be the main retirement income source.

How  To  Sign  Up  For  Obamacare?
There are a few ways to sign up for health insurance. To sign up for a qualified health care plan be sure and buy one off the Marketplace, healthcare.gov, or be sure and ask your agent or broker if it meets the new ACA laws. You may qualify for a subsidy to help pay for the premiums. It is based on you household income and the number of dependents in your home

What  Does  Non-Owned  Auto  Insurance  Cover?
Talk to your Insurance Professional about the availablity of this type of policy and it's limitations. Typically, a named non-owner auto policy will provide stated liability coverage, which is protection for you in the event you are responsible for causing an accident that results in property damage or bodily injury. In CT, it will also include stated uninsured motorist protection for your benefit in the event that you are injured as a result of an accident caused by an uninsured person. Finally, it may also include stated primary medical benefits for you again if you are injured as a result of an accident that is caused by either you or another party. The policy will NOT provide any coverage for physical damage (Comprehensive or Collision) for the vehicle that you are driving.

What  Do  I  Do  About  Insurance  When  I  Buy  A  New  Car?
It is going to be important to be in touch with your Insurance Professional because, as my colleague said, in order to purchase the vehicle, the dealership is going to need proof of insurance on that vehicle in order for them to complete the registration of it for you. You or your dealership will need to provide the year, make, model and Vehicle Identification Number (VIN). Further, if you are leasing or financing, the financial institution needs to be named on your policy and proof provided in order to complete your transaction. If you are financing the purchase, the finance company has an interest abd will need to have proof that you have both Comp and Collision coverage. Leasing is similar, however, in addition to the two physical damage coverages I mentiond, they also require that a certain amount of Liabilitry protection be provided by your policy. Here in CT it is common for the requirement to be $100,000/$300,000 or more for Bodily Injury and $50,000 or more for Property Damage.

Is  The  Return  Of  Premium  On  Life  Insurance  Worth  It?
Return of premium life insurance has it's place just like the other types of life insurance available out there. It does tend to be more pricey than other types of life insurance policy types out there. For a person that can afford to purchase a ROP policy in addition to a whole life policy could potentially benefit greatly from this type of policy. Contact a local agent to discuss the benefits and restrictions of the different types of life insurance policies out there.

How  To  File  A  Claim  On  Renters  Insurance?
In order to file a claim on your renters insurance you simply need to call the company you have the insurance with. No different then filing an auto insurance claim. The insurance carrier that you have your renters insurance with will take the information and assign a claim adjuster to work with you on your particular claim.

Where  Can  You  Get  Renters  Insurance?
You can typically purchase renters insurance through any carrier that offers homeowners insurance. When looking for new insurance coverage it is best to start with your local agent if you already have a relationship with them. Most agents handle nearly every line of insurance coverage within the state(s) they are licensed in.

How  Much  Is  Homeowners  Insurance  Deductible?
That really can vary depending on the insurance company or value of your home. Many older policies in Connecticut for example have a $250 or $500 deductible. But in many cases, insurance companies are now issuing policies with a minimum deductible of $1,000. Larger more expensive homes may be covered on a policy that includes a $2500 or higher deductible.

Does  AARP  Offer  Term  Life  Insurance?
AARP offers term life insurance from New York Life. Rates start out low and increase over time. In that type of situation, where premiums are not locked in, you can never be sure if you will be able to afford to keep the life insurance at the time you need it most. Shopping with an independent life insurance broker (most of us agents answering these questions fall in that category) will help ensure you get best policy features at the lowest price.

Is  Group  Life  Insurance  Covered  By  Erisa?
Most Group Life Insurance is covered by ERISA, with the exception of some religious groups, professional organizations and government agencies. Group Life Insurance is under ERISA whether the employer is self insured with a fund, or fully insured through the purchase of a group life insurance policy from a life insurance company.

How  Is  Humana  Health  Insurance  Rated?
Humana has an A.M. Best rating of A- (Excellent). As a general rule, I recommend all my clients deal with an insurance company rated A- or better. These ratings are not based on customer satisfaction, but are instead based on the company's finances and their ability to pay any potential claims they may incur. I've been covered by Humana for the past five years. Compared to other companies, their rate increases tend to be relatively small each year, and I've never had problems with any claims.

Can  An  Apartment  Complex  Make  You  Get  Renters  Insurance?
Yes an apartment complex can require you to obtain renters insurance as a condition of renting their apartment. What apartments are concerned about is liability protection. Should the tenant be liable for bodily injury or property damage the apartment complex does not want to be the first in line to be sued for something the tenant caused. Instead the tenants renters insurance policy will defend against the loss first. The apartment complex will not care if you chose to carry coverage for your own personal property. Also on a side note if the tenant did not carry renters insurance and was sued for a loss, just because the apartment complex may have to defend does not give a free pass to the tenant. Your still going to court and it can cost you thousands. Renters insurance is very inexpensive and covers you for so much. Buy it.

What  Is  An  Enrolled  Retirement  Plan  Agent?
Assuming that is question is describing an enrolled agent, the Enrolled Retirement Plan Agent, or ERPA, is a representative certified to practice before the IRS. The IRS recognizes these specially licensed agents to not only advise consumers, but represent them in front of the IRA service in matters of taxation and/or disputes on retirement plans.

How  Long  Does  A  Car  Insurance  Company  Have  To  Settle  A  Claim?
The claims settlement process can vary depending upon the extent and severity of the loss. For example, a fairly simple collision loss with no other property damage or bodily injury can usually be settled within anywhere from a few days to a couple of weeks depending upon the schedule of the body shop and availability of parts. If additional property damage is involved either with another car or a building or the like, it could take a bit longer and certainly if there is bodily injury that results in a law suit, then those settlements can take upwards of a few years.

When  Should  I  Buy  Long-Term  Health  Care  Insurance?
Stand alone long term care insurance policies can be very expensive and generally are not a fixed premium so may well go up over time. When you purchase long term care as a rider on a whole life policy you will get the lowest premium rate for it that is available. So really then the best time to buy long term insurance is when you're buying a whole life policy. If you already have a whole life policy without the LTC rider, you could either buy an additional policy or exchange your current policy for a new one and add the LTC rider.

How  Much  Is  Renters  Insurance  Annually?
It varies depending on what coverages you have, as well as how much stuff you have. The average Renters policy is about $15 a month, but if you start adding on Jewelry Riders, Sewer Backup, Family Liability etc. the cost obviously can vary. Find a local agent, and discuss with them what is best for you.

How  Was  Medicare  Created?
Apparently president Teddy Roosevelt championed the idea of a national health insurance program way back in 1912, but was unsuccessful in getting it established. Later in 1945 President Truman proposed to congress that a national health insurance fund be created to benefit all Americans. That also failed to gain traction. President Kennedy made a bid for a national health insurance program also pleading that 56% of Americans over 65 had no health insurance nor could afford it. Finally in 1965 President Johnson signed the legislation that made Medicare a reality.

How  Much  Does  Home  Insurance  Increase  After  A  Claim?
Home Insurance contracts differ in all States; they are all governed by the Department/Division of Insurance dictating exactly how to abide by the rules of the particular State. Once abiding by the rules of each State, carriers also have differences in handling claims and policy adjustments thereafter. In States where a Claims Free discount is allowed, the discount will be removed on the following renewal if a claim has been filed, there may also be a claims surcharge assessed in addition. Some carriers have allowances for small claims below a certain pay out whereby the insured would lose the Claims Free discount but not be assessed a further surcharge.Since it will be close to impossible to get a clear answer to this question, the following is the best rule of thumb for policyholders: DO NOT USE YOUR INSURANCE POLICY AS A CHECK BOOK! Property Insurance is meant to protect the insured against unforeseen and unaffordable sudden & accidental perils. The home should always be well maintained and display pride of ownership for 'preferred' risks. For example, if due to high winds a branch would be blown off a tree and simply break a window or damage a few roof tiles, this is typically not what one would purchase insurance for; on the other hand, if there is an unforeseen electrical fault causing a house fire or perhaps the occurrence of a devastating storm, this is where insurance becomes an essential part of the recovery process. Insurance contracts are designed with a Deductible; the deductible is the amount deducted from a Claims Payout. The actual purpose of the Deductible is to reduce the carrier's risk exposure to small claims, the lower the deductible, the higher the premium. Clients that purchase insurance with a higher deductible make a statement acknowledging that small claims will not be brought to the carrier thus prompting the carrier to accept a lower premium for a lower risk exposure. Once a claim is filed with a Home Insurance Carrier, a claims number is assigned and the claim is reported electronically to the National Claims Database (CLUE). The purpose of this reporting process is for the industry to share information regarding the risk thereby deterring any dishonest practices in attempting to misrepresent risk to an alternate carrier at a future point. This is a great tool that has been used for many years preventing carriers from taking on adverse risk. The answer to this question was carefully orchestrated to provide a better understanding regarding the underwriting and claims process which would lead ultimately to premium assessment. It is strongly suggested that home owners fully understand this process and contact a licensed professional to answer any further questions regarding the process.

Why  Is  It  Important  To  Plan  For  Retirement  Early?
Why is it important to plan for retirement early? Well the most important thing involved in retirement planning is something that if you fail to use, you never get back again, and that would be Time. Time in retirement planning allows you to get more for less and heals all wounds (mistakes, downturns, markets).The earlier you start, the more time you have, the less money you'll need and the more mistakes you'll recover from.

Can  A  Company  Deduct  Life  Insurance  Premiums?
The simple answer to your question is that insurance premiums ARE NOT a deductible expense for anyone. However, depending upon the use of the insurance, for instance, as part of an Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (SERP plans), there are tax benefits (deduction)to the employer realized when the policy's cash value is paid out to the employee. Additionally, administrative costs may be tax-deductible as a business expense. Separately, under anexecutive bonus plans where the bonus is paid directly in the form of premium payments to the insurer for policies owned and FBO of the executive, the employer has no ERISA reporting, potentially tax deductible costs and can avert tax rules applicable to Qualified Pans and employer owner line insurance. Please feel free to contact me through my profile if you have additional questions.

Who  Pays  For  Indemnity  Health  Insurance?
Indemnity insurance is a form of health insurance that pays a fixed amount per service or for a period of time. For example, an indemnity policy might pay $50 towards a doctor's office visit. This means that regardless of the total cost of that visit to the doctor the indemnity policy pays $50. Another common example is the indemnity policy may pay $500 per day that the policyholder is in the hospital. If the policy holder had a 2 day hospital stay that cost $8000 the policy would pay $1000 ($500 x 2) and the policy holder would be responsible for the remaining $7000 in hospital expenses. There are many variations on the indemnity policy theme and they are often combined with accident and/or critical illness policies to provide more financial protection. In any event, indemnity policies are not major medical policies and by design provide defined and limited financial protection to the policy holder. These policies were really designed more as a supplement to major medical insurance than as a replacement for it. If you have a premature baby that racks up $500,000 in neonatal intensive care bills an indemnity policy will not go very far towards covering that expense. Also, indemnity policies do not meet the Minimum Essential Benefit requirements for health insurance under the affordable care act (ObamaCare) and will leave such a policyholder subject to the individual mandate tax penalty if that is the only medical insurance a person has. With the high cost of ObamaCare compliant plans the lower costs of hospital indemnity plans can be a tempting option for some people but you should be under no illusion that these policies cover the full range of medical services a person might need or that they provide protection against the costs of serious illnesses or injuries that might run into the 5, 6 or 7 figure range.

How  To  Set  Up  A  Life  Insurance  Trust  For  A  Child?
How to set up an insurance trust for a child? I would advise that you see an attorney to set up a trust as insurance companies are not in the business of establishing trusts for policy holders. It is out of their legal bounds. They do however, honor a correctly established trust created for kids. I don't know enough about how good trust software is on this subject to suggest it, but a person may want to look into it.

How  Do  Variable  Annuities  Make  Money?
The historical returns of variable annuities over long periods of time have shown returns. Of course this is no indication of future performance. Although variable annuities have a general account tied in interest rates, most investors prefer the separate sub accounts that use equity and bond investments. The returns or losses are either credited or debited against the net premiums (premiums that first pay the policy expenses.) A variable annuity is a security and an insurance product for investors that have a high effective tax bracket rate and have the risk tolerance for market returns, but the reality of market losses. A variable annuity can be a supplemental retirement income stream that can offer differing distribution options including lifetime annuitization.

Does  Life  Insurance  Go  Towards  Debt?
If the life insurance policy is left to the estate of the insured person, and the deceased insured person had unpaid debt, the creditors to whom the debt is owed may try to collect their payments from the life insurance proceeds in the estate. If life insurance proceeds are left to a person rather than the estate, it is up to the beneficiary whether they want to pay those debts.

Which  Is  Best  Medigap  Plan?
The best Medigap plan is the one that meets your needs and budget. For some people, Medicare supplement plan F may be a good fit. Others may find that plan G works best for them or plan N. Compare plans and rates, consider your medical history and budget before enrolling.

Can  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  Be  Used  As  Collateral?
It will depend on the type of policy you own. Term Insurance policies have no cash value and offer pure insurance coverage. If you purchase whole life or universal life insurance there is a cash accumulation account associated with the policy. This cash value is actual cash that is available to the owner (less any fees to cash policy in). These cash funds can be used in certain situations as collateral for a loan.

Does  Medicare  D  Cover  Shingles  Shot?
Some vaccines are covered by Medicare, some are not. The herpes zoster (chicken pox) vaccine is one that is covered and is not. If the vaccine is administered in your doctors office, Medicare will not cover the actual cost of the vaccine if billed by your doctor. You must purchase the vaccine under Part D at a pharmacy. You can then transport the vaccine to your doctor so they can inject you. Makes complete sense, right?

Who  Qualifies  For  Medicare  Part  B?
If you meet the qualification for Medicare Part A you will also qualify for Part B. If you have worked in the Social Security system for at least 10 years, are a US citizen or legal resident for at least 5 years and have attained age 65 you can qualify for Medicare Part A and B.

Can  Health  Insurance  Premiums  Be  A  Tax  Deduction?
Health insurance premiums can sometimes be a tax deduction. Depending on the type of policy you have, and how you file your return, you could benefit from tax deductions. More often, healthcare expenses (instead of premiums) receive the best tax treatment. For example, a Health Savings Account (HSA) will allow you to deduct qualified deposits into the side-account. The money you deposit must be used for health, dental or vision expenses that are approved by the IRS. If you itemize, under certain circumstances, you can deduct some medical expenses if you meet certain restrictions.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Tenants?
To properly be protected, your tenants should have renters insurance. In most cases your homeowners policy will not provide any coverage for your tenants personal property. Another concern for both you and your tenants should be liability coverage. If your tenants are not carrying renters insurance. You may find yourself financially responsible for an accident within their apartment. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to know what coverage you have and what exclusions there may be or call your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

What  Does  Life  Insurance  Per  Unit  Mean?
"Life insurance per unit" is the cost of life insurance per thousand dollars of coverage. Child Riders are priced per unit. E.g. a $10,000 child rider may cost $60 per year, or $6.00 per unit. Flat extras are also charged by unit. The insurance company may add on $7.50 per unit of life insurance for 3 years after having surgery for prostate cancer. For a $100,000 policy, that would add on $750 per year, but then the flat extra would drop off after three years and the policy would cost $750 less. You can also price your own policy if you know the cost of one unit of life insurance. E.g. If you are buying a final expense policy that costs $50 per unit, a $10,000 policy will cost $500 per year.

How  Does  A  Vanguard  Roth  IRA  Work?
Although I do not represent Vanguard, I assume that it would work like every other Roth IRA. The money you deposit would be after-tax dollars. You cannot deduct these deposits from your current income tax. The money you deposit will be placed into one of several optional plans designed to meet your risk tolerance, investment experience and personal objectives.

Is  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Considered  Income?
Assuming that the phrase income is benefit payments from a long term care insurance (LTCi) policy or from a hybrid annuity-long term care insurance rider policy, the answer should be no. There is a question on hybrid life insurance, but generally payouts on the LTCi claim are not characterized as income.

Can  I  Sell  Annuities  With  A  Life  License?
Yes, you can sell fixed and indexed annuities with a Life license. If you sell variable annuities you need a securities license. In addition, if your client is funding their fixed annuity with money from stocks, bonds, or mutual funds, you must have a series 6, 7, or 63 license in order to liquidate those funds and put them into the fixed annuity.

Can  You  Lose  Money  On  Annuities?
Non-qualified deferred annuities use three basic crediting methods for savers or investors to select from based on their product suitability determined by their personal financial profile that includes risk assessment, the effective tax bracket and life expectancy report. Most savers like fixed and some indexed annuities for their safety of principle. Investors with high tax brackets and a risk tolerance for the market may desire the separate sub accounts of variable annuities, which can lose money.

What  Info  Is  Needed  For  Renters  Insurance?
There is an old expression regarding personal insurance: Whatever the coverage remember your really insuring people. The idea is that you can underwrite insurance including renters insurance from such items as amount of insurance, location,prior losses, amount of liability coverage and such, but behind every policy is a person. So, you can expect that most companies today use rating algorithms that include the items mentioned above as insurance score ( a variation of credit scores) , your age,whether you have vicious dogs , occupation and whether the property will be occupied by you during the day etc. Typically, it is an inexpensive policy and as such there really is not a lot of money in the commission nor expense factor of the company. What that means is that it is underwritten by class and one policy is not much different than the other. My recommendation to you is to start with your auto insurer. I frequently find the pricing of renters policy nearly all offset by the savings you get from having both with the same company. To give you an example here in the Atlanta area a 25,000 contents renters policy might be $150 per year, while the amount of credit for having it with the same company on your auto policy might be as much as $125.

What  Is  Meant  By  Deductible  In  Health  Insurance?
A Health Insurance deductible is the amount you would be responsible to pay before your policy would begin paying for covered services. In addition to the deductible, it is quite possible that you also have a "co insurance" amount as well. This is a percentage of the amount you would be responsible for paying AFTER meeting the deductible. Check with your Insurance Professional about the terms and conditions of your particular policy.

How  Long  Does  A  Home  Insurance  Claim  Take?
A claim could potentially take as little as hours and depending on the circumstances much longer. Most carriers try to settle claims as quickly as possible normally within days. If you have extenuating circumstances involved with the claim then it could be stalled during the investigation of the situation that caused the claim. Contact your local agent and they can help you determine the documents and other information that can help you expedite a claim when the need arises.

Does  Car  Insurance  Affect  Your  Credit  Score?
generally speaking the answer is no. Insurers use credit information in-bedded in insurance scores. But it does not flow backwards as your question asks, There are two types of scores in most transactions involving credit. There are instances where the requester has to advise you that you are, are for example seeking a loan or credit card. Those are considered "hard " hits to your credit. By seeking that type of loan you are in fact telegraphing to others I need the money. Insurance scores typically are "soft " hits, that is to say they look at information but do not impact the result. i have run a couple insurers and worked for several others and I have never seen an issue with this being a hard hit

What  Is  Non  Participating  Whole  Life  Insurance?
Non-participating whole life insurance is very straightforward coverage. Your premiums are fixed and guaranteed for life. You pay your premium for the policy and at whatever point in time death occurs, the policy pays out a death benefit. As with any permanent life policy, it does build cash value that you can borrow against, however these policies do not pay any dividends that can normally be used to reduce your premiums, secure paid up additions (increasing your total death benefit), or making a payment to the policyowner. Only participating whole life policies can pay dividends. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your life insurance needs, including quotes and policy comparisons, and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

Who  Is  Responsible  For  Vehicle  Damage  If  The  Car  That  Hit  Me  Was  Covered,  But  Was  Driven  By  A  Different  Driver?
It is really important to mention the state you live in to properly give you specific advice. However, if you are hit by a vehicle driven by a permissioned driver at the time of accident, they have loaned said driver the insurance they have on their current policy. This is an Industry Standard, unless they have an outdated policy that also still has 'excluded' drivers, you may have an issue. It's doubtful that this will happen. My opinion.

How  Much  Is  Health  Insurance  If  Unemployed?
for the remainder of 2013 Short Term Health Insurance will be the way to go. You can run prices online, fill out the application and even print your ID card and policy. Two things to consider - 1) Short Term Plans do not usually cover pre-existing conditions 2) They are catastrophic in nature. You will not normally see one that covers wellness exams or doctor visits. Prices are low and very affordable.

When  To  Apply  For  Homeowners  Insurance?
Most homeowners policies are purchased to coincide with the closing of escrow. The title company arranges with your insurance agent to provide an insurance policy on that specific date. The policy can be replaced on any date. If you want to change companies you need to notify your existing carrier and if the policy is being paid out of escrow, they will need to be notified as well.

Does  auto  insurance  cover  theft?
There are essentially two parts to an auto insurance policy. Liability coverage, or as some refer to it as PL/PD and physical damage coverage. Most states require some form of liability coverage in order to drive your vehicle legally. But physical damage is an optional coverage you can purchase to protect your vehicle. The most common coverage you will find under the physical damage is comprehensive and collision coverage. Where collision coverage covers just that, collision with another vehicle, comprehensive coverage picks up other than collision coverages. Comprehensive provides coverage for losses from fire, theft, hail, falling objects, glass breakage and car/animal accidents. Comprehensive provides coverage for loss or damage to your vehicle and its equipment cause by theft, larceny or robbery. It also provides coverage in the event you are tricked into giving your vehicle to another person under false pretenses. Please note that you are subject to your deductible in the event of a loss. What this means is that the insurance company will pay you for the loss less your deductible which may range from $0 to $500 dollars depending on your insurance carrier. To stay competitive some insurance companies may offer special perks in their auto coverage such as waiving the deductibles or providing additional coverage such as rental car coverage in the event of theft. So be sure to check with your insurance agent or carrier to see if they provide this coverage.

Who  Regulates  Health  Insurance  In  California?
The California Department of Insurance (aka the California Insurance Commissioner's Office). If you are having problems with an insurer you can contact the department at 800-927-4357 if you are within the state of California or 213-897-8921 if you are outside of the state of California. You can also use their contact form, which can be found here: WEBSITELINK

Where  Are  Variable  Annuities  Invested?
A tax deferred variable annuity has tow basic accounts: an interest rate account and separate subaccounts using equity and bond investments. Both accounts credit gain after the policy expenses have been paid. But separate sub accounts can also have market losses that are debited from the accounts. Product suitability and risk tolerance are important factors in considering variable annuities.

What  Do  I  Need  To  Plan  For  Retirement?
That is an excellent question!!!! We could spend a whole lot of time on this, but I'll break it down to three things. The first: Decide how you want your retirement to look. Travel, quiet home living, move somewhere, what do you want to do to spend your days? Second, determine what that future will cost you. How well prepared for that future are you today? How long do you have to make funding it a reality? What kind of ground do you have to cover to ensure that it can happen the way that you envision it? The third: Put together a plan that gets you there, or as close to there, as possible. That plan has to account for your risk tolerance, safe financial living in the meantime, and the ability to create the income that you will need. Spend a little time and put together for yourselves a snapshot of where you are, and where you want to be. Once you have that, find an advisor that you can trust, and get started making your dream a reality. If you want to spend a little more time on the details, please feel free to drop me a line, I'd be happy to help you. Thank you for asking!

Why  Is  The  Cost  Of  Health  Insurance  Rising?
The high cost of Medical bills and drugs are the primary reason. Also with the new mandates companies are being forced to change their rate structure to accommodate provisions in the law that were not available before. Health Insurance rates do not have any choice but to go up, especially when the mandates kick in in 2014 and they are forced to take on previously unacceptable risks and move to community rating instead of age based rating.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  If  I'm  Pregnant?
There are some No Exam policies that will accept application for life insurance at any stage of pregnancy, and at reasonable price. If applying for a policy with medical underwriting, most companies will postpone until after the baby is born if in the third trimester. Up until then, the best rate class is possible.

What  Is  A  Benefit  Period  In  Health  Insurance?
You really don't run into benefit periods much in the group health insurance and under age 65 individual health insurance markets in the ObamaCare era. This terminology is more common for persons covered under Medicare or in the context of long term care policies. But a benefit period would be a contractually defined period of time that a certain medical service or treatment would be covered by the insurance policy.

When  Is  Whole  Life  Insurance  A  Good  Investment?
Participating whole life is not an investment, it is an insurance policy. That being said, it can be a non-qualified supplemental retirement plan for conservative long term savers. But it needs to be designed as a TAMRA compliant, non-modified endowment contract with the lowest base policy, max term rider and paid up additions rider. Distributions may be tax free via withdrawals to basis and policy loans of gain as long as the policy is kept in force for the life of the insured.

How  Much  Does  Health  Insurance  Go  Up  Each  Year?
Prior to 2014 it was reasonable to anticipate annual increases in group and individual health insurance in the high single digits to low teen's range. Though, of course, these are just generalized averages and a host of other factors could move rates higher or, in rarer instances, lower. We have already seen the base cost of health insurance increase fairly substantially in 2014 due to the implementation of the requirements of the Affordable Care Act (ObamaCare). The effect was especially pronounced in the individual health insurance market of almost every state due to the mandatory addition of new benefits, the move to the community rating approach, the elimination of underwriting and adjusting rates for risk, and making all policies guaranteed to be issued without pre-existing condition limitations or exclusions. In mid-2014 we are just now beginning to receive health insurance companies filings for their proposed 2015 rates. While the rate filings vary from state to state and from insurance carrier to insurance carrier, individual health insurance rate increases in the teens to 25% or more are being reported in many areas across the nation. In some limited instances though, you are seeing some filings requesting rate reductions but these are pretty rare. Therefore, most people should be prepared to see their rates for individual health insurance increase meaningfully again in 2015, though this effect may be hidden to some extent for those persons who qualify for premium tax subsidies through the government health insurance marketplaces. Many small business groups are also seeing substantial rate increases in their renewal actions for the 2014-2015 benefit year. Increases of 20% to 40% are not uncommon.

What  Is  The  Best  Car  To  Buy  For  Insurance?
I am not clear on the question. If you are referring to price alone it really depends allot on the individual information of the consumer but a Corolla has a decent insurance price. Just my opinion, you should really talk to your local agent. Speaking of my personalopinionIbelievethe best car to buy is the one you want.

Is  It  Worth  Getting  Medicare  Part  B?
Most people seem to think the only reason for having health insurance (including Medicare) is to cover your hospital bills. The truth of the matter is, over your lifetime you will incur significantly more medical bills as an outpatient than inpatient. When carriers review large claims, those over $50,000, over half the charges occur as an OUTPATIENT. The small premium you pay for Part B is definitely worth it.

Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Termite  Damage?
As a rule the answer would be no. Termites are not considered a covered peril by most companies. Homeowners is not designed to cover general maintenance. Termites fall under that category. If a structure collapses then damage to the personal property may be covered and possibly the structure.

Is  Gerber  Whole  Life  Insurance  For  Adults?
Gerber has Whole Life insurance policies for babies to senior ciitizens. Most are under $100,000. Some (for persons over age 50) are guaranteed issued policies. You can get a quote directly from the Gerber website or contact an agency like ours for a quote for guaranteed issue life insurance.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Storm  Damage?
Yes, renters insurance would typically cover storm damage possibly less your deductible unless this type of damage was listed as an exclusion in the policy. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Who  Finances  Medicare?
Medicare is financed at least in part by payroll taxes collected during your working years. Some of the payroll taxes go to pay current obligations. If there is money left over the surplus is placed in a trust fund. Medicare is also financed by premiums you pay for your Part B coverage.

Is  Having  A  Pension  Plan  Worth  It?
This is a very subjective questions and depends on circumstances. For the recipient of pension benefits, the question would be if working at the employer who provides the pension is worth having the benefit (i.e. are you paid enough in regular salary and have adequate benefits as well as are your working conditions worth keeping the job to receive eventual pension benefits). For employers the question would be is the cost of providing the pension benefits justified by that benefit's ability to attract and retain high quality and talented employees.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  If  I  Am  Obese?
Yes, most people can get life insurance if they are obese. There are some policies that have no weight limit, although those policies are restricted by age, face amount, and the type of policy. Policies with no weight limits are especially good for those who are what is medically called, "morbidly obese". There are other policies that have high weight limits, and those policies are well adapted to persons who are medically classified as "obese".

What  Is  A  Company  Retirement  Plan?
A company retirement plan can be many things. It may be a matching 401K program or actually a defined benefit plan, which are not as common any more. An experienced full-time financial planner (NOT a part-timer, inexperienced broker or media personality) can easily review the best options with you. It's worth contacting them for a free consultation.

Does  Aetna  Sell  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
I have worked alot with Aetna over the years, providing group health insurance benefits to small business groups. To the best of my knowledge, I have never personally heard of Aetna offering any form of long term care products. I know that they offer group health, group life, and group disability coverages.

Will  Medicare  Pay  For  CT  Scan?
In order for the CT scan to be covered by Medicare, it must be deemed medically necessary via doctor's orders, and Medicare must agree with the order. The Computerized Axial Tomography (CT) scan must be performed by a health care provider who participates in Medicare. Medicare Part A covers CT scans performed in a hospital or skilled nursing facility; Medicare Part B covers CT scans performed as an outpatient.

Can  A  Child  Get  Life  Insurance  For  A  Parent?
Can a child get life insurance for an adult? It will depend on the age of the child as an insurance contract requirestheowner of the policy be of legal age. If younger than 18 or without court recognitionmaking the minor able to contract as an adult, it wouldnot be allowed. Of legal age and with the consent of the parent who will be the insured, not a problem.

How  Much  Commission  Can  A  Life  Insurance  Agent  Make?
It depends on the company and type of policies. I have seen commissions as low as 35% an as high as 110%. Commissions are paid out of a fund from the insurance company, not directly by the consumer. Out of those commissions the agent has to pay for marketing, phone, gas for his automobile, and other business expenses. Most agents do not receive a salary or expense reimbursement.

What  Is  Sewer  Backup  Coverage  On  Homeowners  Insurance?
Sewer Backup Coverage is an essential coverage on Homeowners Insurance policies. On standard Homeowners Insurance policies, the coverage usually can be purchased as an optional endorsement; in many cases, the carriers will offer $5,000 or $10,000 per incident for a premium of $20 - $75 per year. On High Value Homeowners policies, the coverage may be included in the policy form and in some cases offer coverage at the same limit as other perils covered under Coverage A - Dwelling. Sewer/Drain backup coverage will provide coverage should your drains become blocked and the water backs up causing water damage to your home. It is always important for a homeowner to check the drains annually and make sure that the water runs quickly through the drainage system without any obstacles; there are liquids available for purchase at hardware stores that advertisethe clearing of drains but it may be more prudent to contact a plumbing professional for the best advice! You may contact your insurance carrier to add this valuable coverage to your current policy or you may obtain a quote with the coverage included. For quotes in Arizona, California & Nevada, you may follow the link: WEBSITELINK

When  Do  You  Have  To  Have  Health  Insurance  By?
As of 2014, it will be against the law to not have qualified health insurance in place. Although the penalty is not substantial (less than $100 for an individual), it will start increasing the following year. If you're young and healthy and unlikely to utilize the policy, you can minimize your cost by selecting a "Bronze" contract. You may also be eligible for a federal tax subsidy that could save you money. A broker will help you quickly find the best options. As brokers, we charge no fees and provide the expertise to "navigate" the confusion of Obamacare.

How  Much  Does  Life  Insurance  Cost  For  A  Newborn?
Life insurance is extremely affordable for a newborn baby as Peggy pointed out. Another affordable avenue is to add a child life rider to your adult life insurance especially if you have or planning to have more children. A child life rider can be purchased for as low as $4 per month for $10,000 per child all for the same low price with no limit on the number of children covered.

How  Much  Does  It  Cost  To  Buy  Health  Insurance  For  A  Family?
Health insurance rates are determined by age, gender, zip code, plan design, your overall health and other factors. Older people usually pay more than younger ones. Healthier people pay less than those who have medical conditions. Plan design also weighs heavily on the rate. Plans with low deductibles (less than $2000) and copay's are more expensive than a high deductible plan that lacks copay's. A family of 6 will pay more than a family of 2.

Does  My  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  My  Cell  Phone?
Your cell phone is personal property. Your homeowner's policy covers personal property. Claims are adjusted and you might be offered less than the replacement cost. The company would be responsible to pay the adjusted value minus the deductible. You might find that you wouldn't get any payment.

How  To  Reinstate  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
A few points to remember here: 1) initially, reinstatement does not require medical underwriting. This is your incentive to move quickly in case your health has changed. 2) after this initial phase, medical underwriting may be required. You will then have to determine whether or not this carrier would give you the best deal. Perhaps another carrier would make a better offer.

What  Is  A  Medicare  Item  Number?
Medicare Item Numbers are used in Australia to identify the Medicare benefit owed to the recipient. You can visit MBS Online to enter a Medicare item number to see your benefit at WEBSITELINK . The Medical Benefits Schedule is part of the wider Medicare Benefits Scheme managed by the Department of Health and Ageing and administered by the Department of Human Services of the Australian government.

Does  Getting  Auto  Insurance  Quotes  Affect  Credit  Score?
The auto insurance company may request a copy of your credit report in connection with a quote for coverage. Many carriers use credit scores to determine the premium rates to charge each driver. A soft inquiry would be logged on your file. This differs from a hard inquiry which is associated with credit seeking activity. Soft inquiries are not a factor in determining your credit score.

Which  Are  The  Best  Life  Insurance  Companies?
It's difficult to identify the best life insurance companies because there are several categories to review: product, underwriting and carrier ratings. Products are generally divided into two types: term and permanent life insurance. Underwriting is divided into standard and above and table rated. Six different rating services assign degrees of financial strength and claims paying ability.

Can  Annuities  Be  Inherited?
Most definately yes that is one of the main strengths of annuities is the easy money transfers to the beneficiary. You have complete piece of mind that your heirs will inherit your money. This in many cases does away with potential probate courts and its cost. They can be changed should one of yours heirs passes before you.

What  Is  Direct  Auto  Insurance?
Direct auto insurance is not a type of auto insurance, but a way to buy or method of selling auto insurance. Some auto insurance companies, like USAA & Amica, do not have insurance agents representing them, and sell auto insurance (and other types of insurance) direct to the public only. Auto insurance companies selling direct to the public staff call centers with licensed insurance representatives employed by the company, to sell and service the company's insurance products. Although I think most people benefit from receiving the personal service of an agent, accountable to the customer for providing customer service, advice, and assistance, both USAA & Amica have excellent reputations for claims & customer service. Companies like GEICO & Progressive are known for selling direct to the public, though GEICO has agents available in many large metropolitan areas, and Progressive also sells through independent insurance agents, though the products and rates will be different than buying direct. When you call a company selling direct for an auto insurance quote, you speak with a company employee licensed to sell insurance, working from a call center, most likely out-of state (but not outside of the USA). If you buy the auto insurance policy, there is no one person at the company responsible for your account, as there would be, if you purchased a policy through an agent . So, a company employee sells you the auto insurance policy, but if you call back with a question, or to make a policy change liking adding or removing a car, whichever employee answering the phone will help you, much like you receive help when you call your cable TV company. GEICO & Progressive seem to compete on price more than other companies, but buying direct does not always mean a better price. Selling direct mean no agent commissions to pay, but selling direct has other costs, like more marketing costs for TV & media ads, employee salaries and benefits. A wise auto insurance shopper decides on the coverage they need, then check the rates of all the major auto insurance companies in their state, regardless of whether the company sells direct, through their own local agents, or through independent insurance agents.

How  Good  Is  Liberty  Mutual  Auto  Insurance?
Liberty Mutual is one of the top insurance companies in the nation considering policy options, customer service, claims, response and repair. I would recommend always insuring with well known, established insurance carriers. If you consider smaller, lesser known insurance carriers then be sure to research them and trust your intuition. No matter what insurance company you're considering, the more open you are to discussing your auto insurance with an agent, the more they can identify your needs and provide the best policy for you.

How  Much  Should  I  Be  Paying  For  Home  Insurance?
The amount of premium you should be paying for your homeowner's insurance depends on how much coverage you have on your dwelling ( and personal property etc...), deductibles, type of policy, claims history and where you live. Many discounts (such as 55 and retired) may reduce your rate and that must be considered. You could pay as little as $250 per year or thousands of dollars per year. There are many variables that must be considered.

Does  Cigna  Health  Insurance  Cover  Gastric  Bypass?
Most CIGNA health policies will cover gastric bypass surgery. However, the reader should note that CIGNA also administers self-funded health plans where the employer can define many elements of coverage and that it is possible that some much older fully insured plans still exist where such surgery was excluded or significantly limited. So check your certificate of coverage first or call CIGNA member services for guidance on this issue for your specific policy. In general terms, while gastric bypass surgery is covered, it is as more of a last resort than as a first course of action because this is a serious surgical procedure that is not without complications. The candidate will have to meet several criteria for pre-approval by CIGNA for this procedure to be approved for coverage and you will have to show that other, less invasive methods of weight loss have been tried and found to be ineffective.

Why  Is  It  Important  To  Have  A  Retirement  Plan?
Its extremely important to pay yourself first, which is the money mantra of retirement. Life expectancy is ever increasing, so your retirement period may be 30 years or more. Contributing to a retirement plan every year will determine your lifestyle in your golden years.

Will  Medicare  Help  Pay  For  Lift  Chair?
I believe Medicare can help pay for a lift chair, if there's a medical necessity (for those with severe hip or knee arthritis, or a neuromuscular disease, and cannot get up from a seated position to stand on their own), as a type of durable medical equipment (DME) under your Medicare Part B insurance. Part B would pay 80% of the cost and you would be responsible for the remaining 20%. I'd recommend calling Medicare to get more specific input.

Can  The  IRS  Take  Money  From  Life  Insurance?
When life insurance is left to a beneficiary, the death benefit is the property of the beneficiary. The IRS cannot take the life insurance proceeds unless the beneficiary was a cosigner for whatever the IRS is seeking payment. If the beneficiary of the policy is the Insured's estate, then the life insurance money is available to the IRS.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  My  Bike?
If the bike is stolen or damaged by a peril covered by your renters insurance the answer would be yes. It is considered your property and would therefore be covered. Renters insurance covers any of your personal property. Check with your agent to review the exact terms of your renters policy.

Why  Should  I  Get  Term  Life  Insurance?
Most people choose term life because they get a higher coverage amount for each premium dollar spent. The other time when term is used most efficiently would be to ensure financial stability. For example, let's say you have 10 years left before you and your spouse retire. In that time, you plan to be heavily funding your savings and retirement plans to meet your needs in your later years. If you pass away before that happens, your spouse might be left with minimal funds to live on. A 10 year term policy would ensure that the funding is completed whether you live or not. Another example is when your kids are approaching college age and you do not have a large amount of savings set aside already. Many people plan to 'pay as they go' with the college expenses, but what would happen if you passed away before that? Term insurance could make sure the financial obligations for their education could be met.

Will  Home  Insurance  Cover  Bat  Removal?
It is always best to check with your Insurance Professional and discuss the specific terms and conditions of your policy, however, in most cases, bat damage is not a covered peril in most Homeowners' policies. As a result the cost to remove the bats would also not therefore be covered.

What  Does  Life  Insurance  Term  Length  Mean?
Life Insurance term length means the number of years that the policy will stay in effect. Usually, the term length is also an indication of how long the policy premium will stay the same price. But some policies guarantee the premium to stay the same (level) for only part of the term. E.g. A 20 year Term policy has term length of 20 years. It may or may not be guaranteed not to go up in price for the full 20 years. When the 20 years are done, the policy will end, or the premium will go way up, usually over 10 times higher than it was before.

Should  Employers  Offer  Disability  Insurance?
I believe the more useful benefits, such as disability insurance, an employer can offer their employees the better. Benefits do a couple of important things for their workforce. It helps with morale, it states to the employee you or the company cares. It cuts back on costly turnover through employee retention. It becomes a great recruiting tool to hire the best talent to your business. Many employers consider their benefit package their "golden handcuffs" to keep employees long term. Disability insurance both short and long term should be a part of that package.

How  Much  Does  Employee  Health  Insurance  Cost?
There is no set answer to this question as it will depend upon the size of the employer group and the funding mechanism the employer group uses. After January 1, 2014 for employer groups with less than 50 employees who are fully insured in many cases the answer will largely depend upon the age of the employee as many insurance carriers have gone to an age banded rating approach (for example, the employee only rate for a 25 year old will be different than the employee only rate for a 55 year old). The rates will also vary significantly depending upon the state where the employer is domiciled (headquartered). And rates will vary depending upon the level of benefits in a given employer's health plan design. There are also other factors that can effect what a specific group's employee rate will be. In the Tennessee, Mississippi and Arkansas region in early 2014 employee only rates for group health insurance can range from $200 to $500 or more per month when you take into account the variables I have listed in the previous paragraph. If you are an employer looking for a definitive answer to this question for your workforce you need to seek out the services of an experienced, qualified health insurance broker who can obtain quotes from a range of health insurance carriers covering a variety of health plan designs. I would be honored to offer my 30 years of industry experience to assist in answering this question for your company.

How  Good  Is  Primerica  Life  Insurance?
How good is Primerica Life? Well, they are a decently rated company with premiums charged falling about mid-range on the pricing scale. That is you can find quite a few good companies whose pricing of term insurance is better and you can find other good companies whose pricing is worse. Primerica has a limited product selection and offers no conversion options for the insured if they want to maintain a level cost for coverage for a longer period of time. The biggest knock against Primerica is their field force. They attempt to have their company stand out by disparaging all other companies out there. Which if true, would mean a financial disaster for the country and possibly the world. There are many many very good companies out there and it's good that there are.

Is  Vandalism  Covered  By  Auto  Insurance?
Yes if you have what is called other than collision coverage or comprehensive then typically vandalism would be covered by your auto insurance policy up to the policy limits less the policy deductible. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

What  Is  The  Best  Life  Insurance  Company?
Best for Financial Strength? Best for prompt payment of Claims? Best for service after the sale? These are just some of the questions many of my clients ask when seeking "The Best Life Insurance Company" to suit their particular needs. My suggestion is to contact a rating service that measures Financial Strength , Claim Payments, Service etc...

Can  You  Use  Disability  Insurance  For  Maternity  Leave?
Only short term disability insurance can be used for maternity leave. Long term disability (the type most commonly purchased in individual policies) will only pay benefits if off of work for an extended period of time due to complications of pregnancy, or recovery from complications suffered during or after childbirth.

Which  Private  Health  Insurance  Is  Good?
A "Good" insurance carrier or plan really depends on your individual situation. However, as a broker of 9 years I've found that using these three methods help me find my clients what's good for them: Use Top RatedCarriers(Humana, UnitedHealthOne, Cigna, Aetna etc) Listen to my prospects needs Shop all the carriers for the best benefits at the lowest rate my client qualifies for Follow those simple rules and you should end up with "Good" coverage.

Can  Minors  Be  Beneficiaries  On  Life  Insurance?
Minors can be beneficiaries on a life insurance policy. Most of the time minor children are contingent beneficiaries as a backup to their parents if both were to die. But just because you can do it doesnt mean you should it. When minors receive death benefit proceeds after both parents have died custodial control and/or guardianship can arise. The creation of a trust could be a better alternative. Consult with an attorney before placing minor children as beneficiaries on your policy.

Can  I  Get  Medicare  Before  Age  65?
It is possible to get Medicare before age 65 in some circumstances. Unfortunately, opting to take Social Security benefits before age 65 does NOT entitle you to Medicare benefits. Likewise, if your spouse is under age 65 when you retire, they are not eligible for Medicare until they turn age 65. An alternate form of medical insurance must be secured for the interim, in those situations. Medicare can be obtained before age 65 if the patient has End Stage Renal Disease or ALS, within parameters. Persons who are on Social Security Disability for two years can also receive Medicare under age 65.

Does  Medicare  B  Cover  Prescriptions?
Medicare Part B does not cover prescriptions. Medicare Part A & B only covers about up to 80% of the total costs of healthcare related charges. You can get a Medicare Supplement Plan to cover the co-insurance, deductibles and other expenses that Part A & B does not cover. In addition, you can get a Part D prescription drug plan to cover your prescriptions.

Can  A  Diabetic  Get  Disability  Insurance?
Yes, there are Disability Insurance policies that someone with diabetes can get. For persons with very well controlled diabetes, you will be rated up but may be able to get a 2 to 5 year benefit. If you are unable to get that type of policy, there are graded Disability policies that some people with diabetes can get. These pay a limited benefit during the first couple years. Contact a broker for Disability insurance to make sure you have access to all the choices available to you.

Is  A  Whole  Life  Insurance  Policy  A  Good  Investment?
No form of life insurance should be considered an investment. The purpose of the product is to provide a survivor benefit at the lowest possible cost. It happens to do that extremely well. The cash value is an added benefit. It can be made available in a very short time and at a very low cost. But the removal of this cash can impact the amount of the survivor benefit. People need to understand that before they start taking money out of their policy. If the policyholder does know how to manage the policy, then a cash value policy can be a very attractive source of retirement money, college funding, emergency funds, and so on. Whole life would have an advantage over other cash value policies in that it provides extremely strong guarantees.

What  Insurance  Companies  Offer  Short  Term  Disability  Insurance?
The insurance companies that offer individual short term disability policies are Mutual of Omaha and Assurity Life, according to a Disability Insurance broker that we use for our DI requests. There are many more companies that offer individual long term disability policies than there are that offer short term disability.

What  Does  A  Life  Insurance  Physical  Consist  Of?
A trained, professional paramedical examiner performs the exam in your home or office. This routine exam will include taking information about your medical history, height, weight, collecting a urine specimen for urinalysis, blood pressure, pulse and collecting a blood sample. The exam will take about 45 minutes or less. If additional testing is required by the insurance company such as an electrocardiogram (ECG) or a chest xray, you will be notified in advance. We recommend scheduling the appointment at the least stressful time of day for you. Blood pressure can be artificially raised by stress. It can also be raised by caffeine, tobacco and alcohol so avoid these for several hours prior. Limit salt intake and rich foods for 24 hours prior to the exam. Fasting for 4-8 hours prior to the exam is also advised (and may be required) but drink plenty of water. Finally, avoid strenuous physical activities for 24 hours prior to the exam.

What  Life  Insurance  Does  Dave  Ramsey  Recommend?
Dave Ramsey sells a financial plan where you only need term life insurance. He recommends 10 to 20-times your annual salary. He likes for you to buy it through his agency (Zander) and they will sell over the phone nationwide. The reason his plan only needs term is because if you follow his plan you will be wealthy at the end of the 20 or 30 year term and will no longer require life insurance. The mistake people make is if they only do bits and pieces of the plan they will end up in bad shape when their term runs out. They will end up older, NOT wealth and completely uninsured. Some of the things his plan requires for the average person to be successful are: 1. Take on 2nd and 3rd jobs to pay down all debt. Get Gazelle intense on paying off ALL debts (other then your mortgage) quickly. Pizza delivery is a favorite for Dave. 2. Sell any cars with large loans (over $3,000) on them. Even if you owe more money than the car is worth. Buy "beater" cars for cash. Don't pay more than $1,500 for your beater car if you have debts. 3. If your house payment is more than 1/3 of your net income, sell it too. Rent or buy a cheaper house. 4. Always buy low cost term life insurance at least 10 times your annual salary. Also always buy disability insurance. Do NOT buy Long Term Care Insurance until you are age 60 and then DO buy it. 5. Do NOT take vacations, go to the mall, eat out in restaurants, etc. untill ALL debt is paid in full other than your mortgage. Eat beans and rice and then rice and beans. Buy clothes at rummage sales and 2nd hand stores. Patch the kids clothes. During this phase you won't see the inside of a restaurant unless you're working there. 5. Once your debts are paid off, focus on paying off your mortgage as soon as you can. You can lighten up a little now and go to a movie once a month or something to reward yourself. 6. After the mortgage is paid in full, you can now start socking money away and build your net worth. Dave recommends your company 401K up to the amount that they match. Any amount you can invest beyond that you put in growth stock mutual funds. He likes you to do this through his "Endorsed" local provider in your area. He tells you to expect an AVERAGE of 12% + annual returns on your investments with his endorsed providers. 7. After you have saved up a lot of money and have zero debt...you have made it. Now you can live like no one else. Your term life insurance is no longer necessary because you have piles of cash. You are self insured. This is a brief outline of Dave Ramsey's plans to explain why he believes no one needs whole-life insurance. To get more information listen to his daily radio show and read his many books. I have no connection to Dave Ramsey and I am not one of his providers. I personally do not believe his plan works for most people because they will not do what it takes to become wealthy and debt-free. It is very easy to shoot holes in his investment and insurance advice (in my opinion) but he is a great motivator to pay down debts and live within your means. In my opinion, both term and whole-life insurance have their correct and incorrect uses. In Dave's opinion, only term makes sense.

What  Is  SR22  Car  Insurance?
The Department of Motor Vehicles may require an SR-22 form. This form verifies that a specific driver is covered with vehicle liability insurance. It is frequently used to reinstate driving privileges that have been lost. We most commonly see it in connection with a conviction for driving under the influence of alcohol. The company that issues the SR-22 is required to notify the state with an SR-26 if the policy of liability insurance is cancelled.

Is  Life  Insurance  Considered  An  Asset?
When calculating your net worth, you look at the net cash value of each permanent policy and denote it as an asset. The net cash value is the amount that you would receive if you were to cash in the policy today. You can find that by ordering a current illustration from the insurance company.

Is  A  Variable  Life  Insurance  A  Good  Investment?
You are liable to get a different answer from everyone you ask. Is Variable Life Insurance a Good Investment really depends on what you want. First, this is a Life Insurance policy. When you die, providing the policy is in force at the time of death, a death benefit will be paid to your beneficiaries. Second, there is an investment component to these meaning from your premium, after the cost of insurance and any other fees/expenses are paid, the remaining funds are placed into accounts similar to what you might see with mutual funds or stocks. The risk is you are subject to the market loss just as you get the gains. Your policy COULD run out of monies if your "investment" continues to loose money which may cause the policy to lapse unless you put more money into it, on top of your regular premium.

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  If  I  Smoke  Pot?
Yes, you can get life insurance if you smoke pot. If you get a medically underwritten policy, the insurance company will probably ask you to fill out a Drug Questionnaire. If you are an infrequent pot smoker, you will be give tobacco rates, but they can fall in the Standard to Preferred range. If you smoke pot daily, or have had treatment for drug or alcohol use in the past. you would probably be declined for a policy, but may be able to find a No Exam policy.

How  To  Write  An  Appeal  Letter  For  Disability  Insurance?
how to write an appeal letter for Disability Insurance? If you've been declined for issue of a Disability policy you can appeal to the underwriter to reconsider the decline if you have additional information to offer or there is some change to what is in question. Underwriters, especially disability coverage underwriters work under strict guidelines. In order to appeal you must be able to introduce new information. Usually with a decline, the letter will provide the reason for.

What  Is  The  Declaration  Page  Of  A  Homeowners  Insurance  Policy?
The Declarations Page (also referred to as the 'dec page') on a Homeowners policy is the title page which details the Named Insured, the Term of Coverage, the Insured Mailing & Property Address and the Limits of Coverage for each Section. If there is a mortgage on the property, the mortgagee should be listed on the declarations page; this is particularly important because the insurance carrier will mail the 'Mortgagee Copy' of the declarations page to the address listed with the account number listed being the reference to the mortgage company. Each insured person should check to make sure that this information is correct in order to avert unnecessary communication with the mortgage company.

Will  I  Lose  Medicare  If  I  Get  A  Job?
No. You can continue to receive Medicare healthcare benefits whether you go back to work or remain a retired individual. You have the option of securing group coverage again and can continue your Medicare benefits as well. Generally, in this scenario, the group health insurance pays first and Medicare pays second.

Where  Do  You  Buy  Renters  Insurance?
You buy a renters insurance policy from a trusted insurance agent. If you dont have an agent get recommendations from your friends, colleagues and neighbors. The agent should listen to you, provide sound financial advice and communicate clearly with you and the insurance company. The agent will help you choose appropriate limits of coverage. The time of loss is not the time to discover that your limits were not adequate.

Can  Life  Insurance  Policies  Be  Contested?
Life insurance has a two year contestable period after which it is extremely difficult for life insurance policies to be contested. Even during the first two years, the insurance company can only deny coverage for material misstatements (information that was withheld from, or misstated on, the application that is serious enough that it would have caused the policy to be altered or denied). Other things that might cause a life insurance policy to be contested are questions as to whether the policy was in force at the time of death, or death as the result of suspicious circumstances (e.g.suspected suicide in the first two years, or murder of the insured by a beneficiary). Most life insurance policies will never be contested because death will occur after the two year period. For those that are contested, very few ever result in the death benefit not being paid.

Do  Life  Insurance  Proceeds  Go  Through  Probate?
Life insurance death benefit proceeds go direct to the policy beneficiaries. The beneficiary declaration in the application is the directive to the life insurance company on death benefit distributions. There is also an option for contingent beneficiary as well. Avoiding probate is another feature of life insurance coverage.

Why  Have  Car  Insurance?
Insurance is designed to share a risk that you cannot handle yourself. Can you pay the $750,000 paid a few months ago to the family of a pedestrian struck in a crossing lane? Can you afford to buy your vehicle if it is damaged in a collision? If you or a passenger is hurt in your car by someone else who thinks auto insurance is unnecessary, can you pay the medical bills? The legal requirement is a minor issue.

What  Is  Flexible  Life  Insurance?
Flexible Life Insurance is the old moniker for universal life (UL). The adjective flexible was applied to UL because you could alter the premium and the death benefit within the parameters of the product line. That flexible was a consumer draw in light of the static and unalterable whole life insurance policy.

Where  Do  I  Withdraw  My  401K?
You withdraw monies from your 401(k) through the administer of your 401(k) plan you have through your company. Contact your HR department and request paperwork to either take a loan, withdraw and or close out your account. Be aware that if you do withdraw monies or close your account, you will have to pay the taxes for this year.

What  Does  HMO  Health  Insurance  Cover?
HMO's cover the same medical services that traditional major medical insurance plans, either group or individual cover. The essential difference is in the provider network used to deliver these benefits and how the subscriber's access to their benefits is guided by this approach. HMO stands for Health Maintenance Organization and while there are variations on the theme, in its purest form an HMO has an exclusive network of contracted providers that must be used by subscribers to the HMO in order to receive covered services. In this context an HMO would not pay for services a member receives from a non-HMO provider. Also, HMO's often use a "gatekeeper" approach that requires a referral from a Primary Care Physician before the member can receive care from a specialist or other HMO provider for non-emergency services. Theoretically the HMO concept assures that your Primary Care Physician is overseeing the member's complete range of health care services and treatment, makes sure that care is being delivered in the most appropriate and cost effective setting and manner, and maximizes the overall efficiency of the delivery of health care to its members. In practical terms the HMO concept has generally fared best in higher population density areas that have an extensive and competitive medical infrastructure in place. One of the main reasons for this is that the HMO providers can actually be employees of the HMO or have negotiated deep discounts for their services with the HMO in exchange for a high volume of patient traffic. Accomplishing this in a metropolitan area like Los Angeles is far easier than in a rural area where there may be not be many competing providers and hospitals and these providersare already serving virtually all of the area's population. Also, the more restrictive and controlling nature of the HMO concept has not always been welcomed by the American consumer who has been accustomed to making their own choices when it comes to selecting their doctors, hospitals and pharmacies and having a high degree of freedom in when and where they access the health care system. While HMOs can deliver excellent benefits and services at attractive rates, the potential consumer should also consider the trade offs involved in achieving these ends. If the consumer finds the HMO network to be sufficient for their perceived needs and understands therules of being an HMO member it can be a very positive environment in which to receive one's health care. Going into an HMO without understanding and accepting these factors can lead to a very unsatisfactory and perhaps costly experience.

What  Is  Irrevocable  Life  Insurance?
Life insurance is not usually referred to as irrevocable but there is such a thing as an Irrevocable Life Insurance Trust (ILIT) that you may be referring to. This is a trust that owns one or more life insurance policies, and is the beneficiary of said life insurance policies, for tax purposes. By virtue of being irrevocable, it is not able to be changed by the person who has set it up to avoid paying estate taxes on the proceeds.

What  Is  A  Good  Renters  Insurance?
Like all other types of insurance, there is no one company that is "best" or "most affordable" home owners coverage for everyone. To determine the best plan for your personal situation, I suggest speaking with a licensed insurance agent, one who represents many companies in your area. That is the only way to ensure you receive honest, expert advice, based on your personal needs. With property and casualty coverage such as home owners or auto insurance, you can normally get a better deal when purchasing coverage for more than one item. For example, I have my car and my home both covered on policies with Auto-Owners Insurance company. With the multi-policy discounts I receive, I actually pay less to insure my home and car than I would pay to insure my home, if that was the only policy I carried with that company. While that may sound illogical, if not unbelievable, it is true, and is a very smart approach to take to make sure you keep as much as your hard earned money in your pocket as possible.

Is  Globe  Life  Insurance  Good?
Globe Life and Accident Insurance Company has its home office in Oklahoma. The company is rated highly by AM Best at this date, so the products it carries are sound. Whether rates are competitive is something you can find out on your own by searching for instant life insurance quotes on the internet.

What  You  Need  To  Know  About  Variable  Annuities?
In Canada, variable annuities are typically called segregated funds (the funds are segregated or separate from the other assets of the insurance company). With payout variable annuities all or a portion of the income received depends on the performance of the funds chosen. A deferred or accumulation annuity (segregated fund) is similar to a mutual fund were the value depends on the performance of the funds you have chosen and your money is a risk. Since segregated funds are issued by insurance companies they contain death benefit and maturity guarantees. Some offer resets so you can lock in gains. Your advisor will be required to give you with an information folder prior to purchase to provide you with complete disclosure. You will find additional information on my website www.jpw.ca If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me. If you would like to work with a local life insurance broker, you could start with a Google search. For example, if you search for: life insurance broker Halifax or life insurance agent Halifax, my name, along with several others, will come up. You can use the same method to find a life insurance broker in your community.

How  Long  Can  A  Home  Insurance  Claim  Take?
Great Question. First of all if you have a current home insurance claim right now open I hope you are doing okay and hope it will resolve soon. A claim is hard to say on the time it takes to close the claim. It depends on the severity of the claim and if its home claim or Condo claim. But typically the insurance company would like to close most claims in 30 days or less.

What  Is  Loss  Of  Use  In  Renters  Insurance?
Loss of use for renters insurance is basically the same as loss of use for homeowners insurance. In layman's terms it means that the premise that is covered is unihabitable for a period of time due to a covered loss. Under these circumstances the insurance carrier will typically provide the insured with monitary compensation to secure another premise for a specified period of timeor up to the policy limits until the covered premise is deemed habitable again or the insured has secured another premise. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any limitations that there may be.

How  To  Shop  For  Medicare  Supplemental  Insurance?
Shopping for Medicare Supplement insurance can be confusing. You should find an independent insurance broker or agent, who can help you shop and also can explain the ins & outs of Medicare with you. A good agent will have multiple companies to offer you and will be able to discuss your particular needs and budget to determine what plan design and company would meet your needs. Most who carry Medicare Supplements will also be able to assist you with Part D coverage as well. There are also Medicare "Advocates" in many states who are trained by Medicare. They can be a tremendous help in educating people about Medicare in general, what product choices that a person will have & usually can assist in Part D enrollment. What I have found with these people is that even if they can discuss all of the supplement plans with someone - they cannot actually enroll them, since they are not salespeople. But, they are a very good source of agnostic information. In addition, there are many online sources to run quotes & see rates. Even though that sounds like a good way to shop, it doesn't provide overall education about differences in various companies, the issue basis of the policies being quoted, or any state specific laws and rules that could impact the person applying in the future. Even if someone has a good idea of various rates, it's still best to sit down with a real person & make sure you receive all of the information necessary to make a good decision.

Is  A  Water  Heater  Covered  By  Home  Insurance?
Your water heater is part of your home, just like th rest of your plumbing system, so yes, it would be covered. What it is covered for depends on what type of coverage you have purchased. For example home insurance doesn't pay for mechanical failure, so if it just quits working you don't have a claim. If your water heater bursts, you may have coverage for water damage coming out of the water heater if you havea "Special Form" policy. If the house burns up and your water heater goes along with it, your insurance should pay for a home with a water heater. So you see it depends a lot. Email me with specifics at WEBSITELINK

How  Are  Variable  Annuity  Withdrawals  Taxed?
In Canada, variable annuities are called segregated for seg funds. They are similar to mutual funds, but because they are issued by insurance companies there are differences including maturity and death benefit guarantees. Withdrawals from a segregated fund are taxed differently depending on the underlying units, the gain could be taxed as a capital gain, interest or dividend income. You would need to confirm with the issuer to be certain. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.

How  To  Hedge  Variable  Annuities?
Fixed Indexed Annuities are a great hedge against inflation and a powerful bond substitute because they eliminate daily principal risk. Many newer fixed annuities provide an option linked to Gold which further hedges the risk of purchasing power being reduced as well which is an inherent risk of any annuity especially in the distribution phase.

How  Does  Cash  Value  Of  Life  Insurance  Work?
In simple terms, permanent life insurance requires premiums higher than what it takes to cover the cost of the death benefit. The surplus premium creates a "cash value" that grows over time. The cash value can be comprised of a guaranteed value plus a non-guaranteed component such as excess interest or dividends. The best way to see how cash value might work for you is to ask an agent for an "illustration" showing how the policy might work on a year by year schedule.

Can  I  Sell  My  Whole  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Life settlement companies may be interested in buying your whole life insurance policy. Generally, the insured person must have very advanced age or poor health for them to consider such a purchase. There are other options, such as having a relative pick up the premiums, setting up your policy to fund the premium, or cashing it in for surrender value. Contact someone you trust for assistance in making this decision.

Can  You  Buy  Out  Of  State  Health  Insurance?
No. Major medical insurance is controlled at the state level. For this reason you must purchase major medical insurance from an insurance carrier approved in your state of residence. With the most recent stage of implementation of the Affordable Care Act on January 1, 2014 this has often resulted in stark contrasts in the cost of individual and small group health insurance depending upon which side of the state line a person or business is domiciled. As an agent in Memphis, Tennessee I can assure you that there are lots of people in Arkansas and Mississippi who wish they could purchase individual health insurance in Tennessee. The cost differences (which always varied from state to state) are now substantially different and higher for the residents of Arkansas and Mississippi. That's not to say health insurance costs aren't higher in Tennessee in 2014 but they did go up far less than in surrounding states. You may have been confused by some politicians talking about allowing the purchase of health insurance policies across state lines. However, this is not how the Affordable Care Act is currently structured. While this idea sounds great on the face of it, it is neither practical nor a real solution for the cost problems individuals and small businesses are being presented with. All health care is local and just as the cost of living and real estate prices are vastly different from New York City to Omaha, Nebraska, the same is true of health care and the health insurance plans tied to it in a given geographic area.

What  Is  The  Disadvantage  Of  A  Fixed  Annuity?
That is a great question! While a fixed annuity has a lot of great things going for it, there are a couple of things that you do need to look out for. The first is your liquidity. With any deferred annuity there is a period of time where the money you've set aside to fund it cannot be touched without incurring hefty fees, or damaging your earnings potential. If you suspect that you might need to access that cash at any point, then maybe an annuity might not be the right vehicle for you. The second involves the rate of return that you are promised off the annuity. Will the rate be enough after fees to outpace inflation and provide a return that is comparable to another investment vehicle? If not, then again this might not be the best investment vehicle. As far as safe investments go, fixed annuities are among the best, but please be sure to really think it over, and work with a trusted adviser before purchasing one. Please make sure that it ia a suitable vehicle for you. I hope that helps, thanks for asking!

What  Are  The  Benefits  Of  Disability  Insurance?
The benefits of having disability insurance during times of prolonged sickness or injury can be significant, especially if you're like most Americans who have 90 days in case reserves. The benefits of disability is the tax free income it generates to keep your bills paid and allow you to live close to your lifestyle while disabled.

What  License  Is  Needed  To  Sell  Variable  Life  Insurance?
Variable life insurance is another form of whole life insurance. There is no special license needed. As long as you have a license to sell life insurance you would be able to sell variable life. Which license you need to sell life insurance varies state to state. In my state of Florida all you need is a 2-15 or a 2-14 license.

My  father  had  an  accidental  death  policy  but  he  committed  suicide.  Can  I  still  file  this  claim?
Most accidental death policies have an exclusion for suicide, which means it will not pay the benefit for death caused by suicide. If you can find a copy of your father's policy, there will be a section listing exclusions. If you cannot find a copy, you could call the company he got it through and ask them to look up the exclusions for you. This must be a horrific time for you, so feel free to contact me directly if you'd like me to assist you.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Assisted  Living  Homes?
No, Medicare was never intended to be used for long term care. Medicare has very limited benefits when it comes to nursing home care and no benefits for assisted living. If you need help with assisted living and are being told by Medicaid that you have too many assets, a good care resource planner or elder law attorney may be able to help you preserve some of your assets and get you the help you need sooner.

Can  You  Buy  Motorcycle  Insurance  For  1  Month?
Would you buy that coverage if they charged you the equivalent of six months premium? Issuing a policy for a month is as expensive as issuing coverage for a year. The cost of insurance is calculated using an assumption that the policy will last the length of the term, be it six months or a year. That is why a "short-rate" table exists to calculate the premium earned when a policy is cancelled before the end of the policy term. A short rate is recognition of the administrative burden and the cost is passed along in the premium you are charged. You can buy a policy on a six month term or for a year and then just cancel it but don't expect the actual cost for a month of insurance to be equal to 1/6th of 1/12th of the premium. It is likely to be much higher. But it is possible to end up with coverage for one month. You just may not like the premium charge when you're done with the coverage.

What  Is  A  NPI  Number  With  Medicare?
The NPI number is a ten digit identification number given to health care providers by the CMS (Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services). NPI stands for National Provider Identifier. It replaced the UPIN, Unique Provider Identification Number, in 2006. Health care providers are required to use the NPI for HIPAA correspondence.

Can  I  Claim  Car  Insurance  As  A  Business  Expense?
If you look at schedule C of Internal Revenue Code form 1040 you will see a place to enter insurance. An accountant would be the best person to ask about this, but most insurance agents deduct their own auto insurance every year unless they use mileage calculations to deduct auto expenses. Anything that is a cost of doing business is deductible.

Does  Estate  Tax  Apply  To  Life  Insurance?
Yes, estate tax does apply to life insurance. In 2012, if the size of your estate (with life insurance proceeds included) exceeds $5,250,000, estate tax would have to be paid on the excess at a top rate of 35%. Some people take care of estate taxes by buying a life insurance policy to pay them. Some use an Irrevocable Life Insurance Trust (ILIT) to own and be beneficiary of the policy. There is so much expertise needed in transactions like this that we hire a professional who understands both life insurance and tax strategies for large cases. Make sure you get the best advice possible to help preserve your hard earned estate.

How  Much  Does  The  Average  Life  Insurance  Policy  Cost?
This question does not have simple or straight forward answer. I can tell you that rates can range from about $20 to unlimited for many life insurance policies. Rates vary depending on type of policy that you are looking to purchase, the insured's age, the insured's health, and the insured's family history just to name a few factors. Contact your local agent to discuss what your wants, needs, and expectations are of the policy so that they can help guide you to the proper policy for you.

Much  Does  Auto  Insurance  Cost  Per  Year?
The cost of auto insurance will vary based on many factors. Such as driving record, geographic area, marital status, type of coverage, credit rating, just to name a few. I have seen policies as low as $30/mo for liability only coverage to hundreds of dollars. Contact your local agent and they will be able to provide with the coverages that are available in your area and the pricing for them.

Where  Can  I  Get  Individual  Health  Insurance?
You can get individual health insurance through an independent health insurance agent. They will be able to run quotes for you from all the major carriers and help match a plan to meet your needs. You can also get individual health insurance on our website. If you are under 65 you can click on "other" to compare plans instantly. If you are 65 or over and have Medicare, you can run a Medicare supplement quote on our website also. You can also give us a call at 1-888-407-8664.

Can  A  Sole  Proprietor  Deduct  Health  Insurance  Premiums?
Yes providing that the sole proprietor is not eligible to participate in a group health insurance plan. Eligibility is determined on a month to month basis. What this means is, if you are a sole proprietor with a spouse who is employed and has access to group health insurance, you are NOT able to deduct health insurance premiums paid on a plan purchased in lieu of the employers group coverage. This holds true for all months that your spouse is employed and is eligible to participate in the plan. Another example of ineligibility would be a sole proprietor who also has a part or full time job where group health insurance benefits are available from that job.

How  Does  Globe  Life  Insurance  Work?
Globe Life Insurance issues policies that often have very very low initial payments. Often, they are for children. Since the risk of death is low, they are able to issue these plans. A full-time broker is a great resource for comparing these types of plans and offering perhaps additional affordable alternatives.

Will  Homeowners  Insurance  CoverA  Retaining  Wall?
HO-3 homeowner policies have coverage for "adjacent sturcture". The question is how is this wall constructed and how does it influence the coverages of the policy. Is it a "retaining wall" designed to protect the house in some fashion? When the home is first insured the company will send an inspector to view the property. If that "retaining wall" is interfering with the safety of the home they will refuse to cover the property.

Is  Gerber  Life  Insurance  Legitimate?
Gerber Life is a "legitimate" life insurance company in that it is domiciled in the state of NY and is located at 1311 Mamaroneck Ave., White Plains, NY, 10605, 914272-4000, and is licensed to do business in all 50 states and Canada. They list six product groups on their website, WEBSITELINK , includingthe onlyendowment life policy that is also an adult life insurance policy. It's called the Gerber Life College Plan and has been their flagship policy for a long time. They are definitely a niche carrier, targeting the parent and grandparent market. Their contracts have many guaranteed features that appeal to those that don't want to take any chances that their insurance might lapse or diminish in value over time. I have worked with their service teams on a few occasions and they are knowledgeable and very customer-oriented. The have been rated "A", AM Best's third-highest financial rating, and "A-" by Weiss, which is their 3rd best rating as well. Both of those ratings are within the "Excellent" range of both rating services. That gives them a Comdex of "80", which means that 80% of all financially-rated carriers are ranked below them. If by "legitimate" you are referring to their contracts being of real value, or if can you trust a life insurance company that is also a baby food company, you may want to do more research. From and industry point of view, they are legitimate.

Why  Does  Life  Insurance  Have  Cash  Value?
Permanent life insurance has the potential to accumulate cash values based on the performance of the crediting method and policy expenses. With few exceptions, most permanent guaranteed universal life insurance can be used as a supplemental retirement income plan; if the policy is designed to minimize the cost of insurance ad comply with TAMRA. Generally, the policy expenses are deducted from the premium. Whatever is left of the premium is invested in the crediting method: interest rates or indices. Separate sub account performance may credit earnings or debit losses.

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Watches?
A watch would be considered personal property. A renters policy covers personal property. There is an internal limit to the recovery available on a watch. Please check with your policy or the agent to determine the amount of coverage you have available. The settlement will be reduced by the deductible on the policy.

Who  Does  Not  Need  Life  Insurance?
Great question! Let's look at this from a different angle. Why does anyone own life insurance? People have life insurance to protect people they love care about or have some obligation to. It is really about a simple as that. Some examples would be a spouse or partner wanting to take care of a surviving spouse or partner. Another common use is to provide for children, grandchildren or even more distant future generations. That is truly what we consider life insurance to create a legacy. In somewhat less lovable terms comma we may need to secure life insurance to make good a business or personal promise to repay lenders. Another business use is to utilize the funds to help in succession planning for a business. If none of the above describe your situation you may not need life insurance. Some people view cash value life insurance as an investment aside from the death benefit but that is a whole different discussion... and a source of great debate. Good luck!

Can  I  Buy  Auto  Insurance  From  Another  State?
I believe that you couldbuy auto insurance coverage from any agent or carrier that is in another state, but they must be licensed in your state that you are purchasing the coverage in. Whom ever that you purchase coverage from be licensed in the states that they sell coverage in so that they can provide you with the coverages necessary within your state.

What  Are  The  Forms  Of  Homeowners  Insurance  Available  To  Homeowners?
Homeowner's insurance has many forms of coverage. A broad form is a basic policy that covers many perils for your home, other structures and personal property. But it is not as comprehensive as an "all risk" policy. A basic policy provides less coverage. There are also renter's and condo policies for consumers that don't own their home.

Can  Life  Insurance  Companies  Refuse  To  Pay?
It is conceivable that a life insurance policy was issued under false pretense that may be construed as fraud. Any misstatements, misrepresentations or material omissions can constitute fraud and create the basis for claim denial. In addition, claims will be denied if suicide occurs in the first two years of the contestibility period.

Who  Needs  Life  Insurance  And  Why?
Anyone who has a family that they care about needs life insurance. If you have a business partner, your partner needs you to life insurance. Life insurance cover your debts, replaces lost income and pays your obligations after you are gone. If you have no assets or debts, and no family, or simply don't care about fulfilling your responsibility after you are dead, you probably have no need for life insurance.

Who  Regulates  Auto  Insurance  In  Michigan?
In Michigan, Auto Insurance is regulated by the Department of Insurance and Financial Services, affectionately known as DFIS. They are responsible for directing and regulating the insurance companies, brokers, and agents in Michigan. You can access their portal on the michigan.gov website. Here you can find information on any company or agent in Michigan. They are not only in charge of auto insurance, but most other types of insurance, too. So, if you have a few years to spend, have a look around the site. There's more information than you could imagine.

In  What  States  Is  Car  Insurance  Not  Required?
Virginia does not require you to carry car insurance as long as you pay an uninsured motor vehicle fee to the state. New Hampshire and Mississippi will offer vehicle owners the option to post a cash bond. All other states will require you to maintain auto insurance to operate a motor vehicle on the roadways.

What  Is  The  Best  Car  Insurance  For  DUI?
There is no single best auto insurance company who is best for a DUI, or any other violation for that matter. However, there are plenty of non-standard companies who go much easier on DUI's than standard companies. Companies will also vary greatly based on the levels of coverage you request. Your best bet is to simply get a quote with an independent insurance agent who carries multiple companies to quote you with.

How  Does  A  SEP  Retirement  Plan  Work?
A simplified employee pension program is based on an IRA. However, since it is sponsored by the employer the limit for contributions is much higher (25% of compensation up to $52,000.) Each participant has a separate account. There is a minimum contribution for each SEP participant of $550. For additional information contact a life insurance agent that specializes in retirement programs.

What  Does  EOI  Mean  In  Life  Insurance?
EOI stands for "Evidence of Insurability". EOI shows the insurer that the insured person meets the health and risk criteria required by that company in order to get a certain policy. Group life insurance plans might not require EOI for a certain amount of life insurance, but then require EOI for additional coverage, or coverage for family members. Most privately purchased policies do have EOI requirements of some kind, although they can vary widely from simply answering a few questions to having a full medical exam done.

How  Much  Home  Insurance  Should  You  Have?
All home insurance carriers have replacement cost estimators designed to calculate replacement value of a home in the event of a catastrophe. Carriers don't look at purchase price, appraised value or taxable value when calculating replacement cost. Often I have a customer tell me that their home isn't worth what we have it insured for or they could rebuilt it for less money. But they rarely factor the cost of replacing a home after a catastrophe when material and labor costs skyrocket.

How  Much  Is  Car  Insurance  For  A  Volvo?
Great Question a very nice car a Volvo. The cost to insure a Volvo depends on many factors like your driving record, your insurance history, your age, your driving experiance and what part of the country you live in. You can contact your local independent agent to shop around for you.

Do  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Premiums  Increase?
Long Term Care Insurance Premiums can increase. Historically, rates have not increased often, or by much. There has been a larger increase in premiums recently due to higher than anticipated claims, and lower than anticipated interest rates. Long Term Care Insurance companies do all they can to keep their premiums from going up, but they also must do what is needed to keep their companies and existing policies viable.

How  Is  Banner  Life  Insurance?
Banner Life Insurance Company is a very strong company and one of many I do represent and sell. They are part of the William Penn Co. of NY and resideout of Maryland.Banneris an A+ rated company by A.M. Best, and AA- (very strong) with Standard & Poor's. They approach $6 billion in assets and are approaching $600 billionof in force life insurance. I am very comfortable with the carrier and their customer service.

Can  People  With  Ms  Get  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
People with MS cannot get traditional long term care policies, but some people with multiple sclerosis can get life insurance policies with "living benefits" that will provide money for extended care needs. Also, there are riders on some traditional life insurance polices that allow the death benefit to be used for long term care type needs while the insured person is still alive. When MS is very mild, it may be possible to purchase a life insurance policy with that type of rider.

What  Is  Dwelling  Amount  For  Homeowners  Insurance?
The dwelling amount should be the dollar amount that home is covered for. This amount is what would be paid to rebuild your home in the event your home is deemed a total loss due to a covered loss. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and the exclusions contained within. Or, you call your local agent and have them go over the policy with you.

Can  I  Get  My  Own  Car  Insurance  At  17?
You may be able to with a small number of carriers, but based on my education and experience in the industry up to this point I would say the you would not be able to secure your own insurance coverage at seventeen. The legally recognized age for being an adult is currently eighteen which means that if you are not eighteen then someone else is responsible for you until you turn eighteen.

Why  Does  My  Child  Need  Life  Insurance?
I agree with Tim that one cannot really say a child "needs" life insurance. But when they are adults, they may need life insurance to cover financial obligations, and be unable to get it because of a health condition. Getting life insurance while they are young and healthy ensures that they will have a policy when it is needed. Even just adding a small child rider to your policy will enable them to have 5 times that amount when they become an adult.

Does  Fidelity  Offer  Annuities?
Yes, Fidelity does offer a line of annuity products. They have fixed, immediate and deferred annuities; then also offer variable annuities to their customers through another carrier. Fidelity advertises their annuities on their website as being good for retirement savings, retirement income, and both retirement savings and retirement income.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Sheds?
Yes, typically unless there is an exclusion written into your policy. Most homeowners policies provide up to ten percent of the policy amount for other structures. If you have a shed that is worth more than ten percent of the policy value then you will want to have your agent secure more coverage for the building through a policy endorsement. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

How  Can  I  Find  Out  If  Someone  Has  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
The first place that you can check is Policy Locator Service through the Medical Information Bureau. MIB Group, Inc is a cooperative data exchange formed by the North American life insurance industry in 1909. There is a cost associated with the search but it will return results via mail with a list of queries by insurance companies for underwriting on the search subject, from whenever they were "shopped" for insurance. Keep in mind, that this is not 100% inclusive for all insurers. The search form is located here WEBSITELINK Secondly, through some sleuthing using either the above list or my following list of suggestions, you should contact the insurers on your target list, in order to verify the active policies. Where to search: - Credit card and bank statements: Go back through the insured's financial records and look for periodic payments to insurers, whether it be on a monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual basis. This should indicate who the insurer is/was based upon where the money is paid to. - Banks, Credit Unions, Credit card companies: Often times, many banks, lenders and credit companies offer group policies for their account holders for as little as $1,000.00 of coverage and higher amounts based upon certain requirements. Check with these groups to see if they had offered any of these products at any point in time. - Pay stubs/Employers and Benefits companies: Many employers offer a basic life or AD&D policy to full time employees for free as well as inexpensive group policies. Deductions for the premium payments on the group policies may be found on the insured's pay stub. However, many times, this coverage is only active when the insured is employed. - Split Dollar/Executive Compensation plans: Some employers taking advantage of tax regulations, used life insurance to pay benefits to key employees which may have also been part of Supplemental Exec Retirement Plans (SERP). Verify with the insured's former employers if any plan existed. - Unions, Pensions and Fraternal organizations: Many Unions and Pension funds may have a small paid-up policy on the insured as part of their benefits package. The same goes for Fraternal organizations including Knights of Columbus, Elks, Masons, etc. Many times the search is no easy task however, after a bit of detective work and dedication, you may uncover a handful of forgotten or unknown small policies, where the cumulative benefit adds up and more than justifies the search!

Is  Homeowners  Insurance  Paid  Monthly  Or  Yearly?
That all depends on if you have your homeowners insurance escrowed or not. If you have your homeowners insurance paid by your mortgage lender then your homeowners insurance premium will typically be paid annually. If you pay your homeowners insurance your self you can typically elect to pay it monthly or annually. Some carriers may even allow quarterly or semi-annually. Every company is different, please contact your local agent to find out how your carrier handles these types of transaction.

What  Does  Basic  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover?
A standard homeowners policy should include the following coverages: A. Dwelling B. Other Structures C. Personal Property D. Loss of Use E. Personal Liability F. Medical Payments Some carriers and states use different wording for these coverages from time to time and virtually every insurance carrier adds their own bells and whistles (some of which are very valuable and must have coverages) to make up their specific policies. Contact your local independent agent to discuss your home specifically and what coverages you need for your situation.

How  To  Figure  Out  How  Much  To  Save  For  Retirement?
There are a number of sites that provide calculators to help you determine how much you need to save each year to accumulate a specific sum of money for retirement. Will you need 70% of your preretirement income? More than 70%.? The first step is to define what a successful retirement means to you and then set a date. Then you can determine what it wil cost cost to finance your retirement, starting with a budget. Working with a financial or retirement planner would be best, however, a site calculator gives you a the idea.. On my website www.jpw.ca you will find a Retirement Planning Checklist avaialble as a resource. If you have further questions, or fell that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Why  Have  Health  Insurance  Premiums  Increased?
That is a great question. The simple answer? Because the costs of health care are rising, as are the costs of insuring an increasingly aging population. We have nearly 10,000 people a day turning 65, and oftenas they age, they have more health issues. Our population is also increasingly overweight, and suffering from the effects of that. There are a lot more reasons, but those are the best few. Want to discuss more? feel free to contact me. Thank you for asking!

What  Is  Passive  Restraint  Discount  On  Auto  Insurance?
This is a discount on your auto insurance that refers to your seat belt and air bags in your vehicle. There are many other discounts that carriers provide for your auto insurance rates. Some carriers provide discounts for alarm systems, ant-lock brakes, automatic traction control, and radar sensing systems (very new technology) just to name a few.

Where  Can  I  Purchase  Renters  Insurance?
You should be able to purchase renters insurance from any carrier that provides homeowners insurance. Most of your major carriers will provide policies for auto, home, and business along with other lines possibly. Contact a local agent to find out the products that they have to offer. A local agent can help point out the coverage that they believe you need based on the information that you provide to them.

How  Should  A  30  Year  Old  Save  For  Retirement?
Saving for retirement as a 30 year old you have an advantage over a 50 year old you have time. First thing to do is start saving regularly now. You should take advantage of tax deferral plans to get the full effect of compound growth. In Canada that mean Registered Retirement Savings Plans (RRSPs) and Tax-Free Saving Accounts(TFSAs). If you have an employer that will contribute match your contributions take advantage - that is free money. Financial or retirement planner can help you determine what your specific portfolio should look like, depending on your risk tolerance and time horizon. Financial planning, Retirement planning and Estate planning are all integrated. What you do with one often affects the other. The first step in planning for a Good Retirement is to start saving regularly as early as you can. The challenge often is that retirement seems so far away that it is easy to put off. Now that you have started saving, what are you saving for? Deciding what a successful retirement means to you can be quite challenging. What do you want to do for the rest of your life? A lifestyle planner can help. There is some information on this topic under retirement on my website www.jpw.ca if you are interested. Now that you have a basic idea of what your successful retirement means, the numbers can be "crunched". Your retirement or financial planner can fine tune your retirement planning to make what you want to happen, happen. What particular investment vehicles you should use, depends on your individual situation. Be sure to take advantage of retirement plans that are tax deferred (in Canada, RRSPs and TFSAs). Tax deferral allows you to get the full effect of compound growth. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Who  Has  The  Best  Annuities?
There are three basic crediting methods used by non-qualified tax deferred annuities. The first is fixed interest rate crediting methods of 5, 7 and 10 year guaranteed rates. Sentinel has a leading 5 year fixed interest rate. The second is the use of indice crediting methods, both domestic and foreign. Genworth has an innovative earnings rollover product. The third is separate sub accounts which use equity and bond instruments in variable annuities. Because these accounts are market driven you can lose money. Currently the variable annuity feature of the income rider is attractive for investors with an established risk tolerance. There are many competitive variable annuity contracts available. Prudential is one of the leading manufacturers of variable annuities.

Why  Buy  Life  Insurance  For  A  Child?
That is a good question! There are a number of excellent reasons to buy life insurance for a child! Life insurance is like buying money at a huge discount... If you buy the right kind of life insurance from a mutual company. That is whole life insurance. The younger the insured is the less the premium will be assuming the person is in good health. So even if you buy a smaller policy it will have a longer time to accumulate cash value. And that cash value grows tax-FREE! And may be accessed tax-Free as well when the 'child' is older. Or if you retain ownership of the policy YOU can access the cash value to pay tuition for their schooling or whatever you decide. The policy could also be used to contribute to the "child's" retirement income when that happens! I could go on and on, but you should talk with a knowledgeable insurance adviser.

What  Affects  Homeowners  Insurance  Premiums?
There are many factors. The reconstruction value of your home and other structures on the property. The amount of personal property that you have. Your claim history. Your credit level. Do you insure your home and auto with the same company. The age of you home. The geographic location. And more. This is just to name the ones that pop up immeadiately.

Why  Is  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  So  Expensive  In  California?
Long Term Care Insurance rates are based on a variety of factors including your age, where you live and your health. In many areas of the country (California for example), the cost of facilities and other benefits is higher than many (not all) other parts of the US. That, of course will impact the rate. An experienced FULL-TIME broker is a great resource for additional information. You can compare plans and apply for affordable coverage.

Do  Medigap  Plans  Cover  Prescription  Drugs?
No, by law, Medigap Plans are not allowed to offer Prescription drug coverage within the plan. You would want to get Part D to cover prescription drugs. It actually works out better (for most people) that the plans are different. The reason is our medication needs can change from year to year so by having a Part D it allows the individual to change the prescription plan without changing their Medigap Plan.

Why  Is  Renters  Insurance  So  Important?
Renters insurance will help protect you and your family from potential financial hardship due to a covered accident that you are deemed responsible for. Without renters insurance if a person visiting you is hurt while at your premise you may be responsible for their medical expenses and other costs. Renters insurance will typically provide personally liability coverage and personal property protection along with some loss of use coverage. Contact a local agent to discuss coverage availability and cost within your geographic location.

Is  Life  Insurance  Necessary  For  A  Mortgage?
Life insurance is not necessary to get most mortgages. If you put down under 20% for the down payment, you may be required to get PMI (Private Mortgage Insurance) in order to obtain the mortgage. That is not regular life insurance, but a policy created just for the purpose of paying off what you owe the lender, in the event of your death. Many people do choose to buy term life insurance to pay off their mortgage, so that their loved ones can stay in the home if they were to pass while the mortgage is not yet paid off.

Why  Should  I  Open  A  Roth  IRA?
Any step made to accumulate money for retirement is a step in the right direction. The money accumulated in a Roth IRA can be withdrawn after 5 years income tax free and without the additional 10% penalty tax if you are over 59.5 years old, have become disabled or are using the money for a first time home purchase. Additional advantages of a Roth IRA are that there will not be a minimum distribution required when you reach age 70.5, and there are superior estate tax opportunities.

What  Is  A  5  Year  Term  Life  Insurance?
5 Year Term Life Insurance is insurance that the premium stays level for a 5 year period and then increases. The policy will renew at a higher premium until it expires at a given age age 85 for example. The premiums are low initially until,the become very high in the later years. Usually, this type of insurance is convertible to a level premium permanent insurance plan until a given age say age 65. 10 year term life plans have become much more popular than the 5 year plans. An independent insurance broker, representing several companies, can help you find the right policy at the right price. If you have any questions, or feel that I could be of assistance, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Where  To  File  A  Complaint  Against  A  Health  Insurance  Company?
All insurance companies are regulated on a state level. The first place to complain would be with the Department of Insurance of the state in which you reside. If your health coverage was purchased on either a state or federal insurance exchange (i.e. an "Obamacare plan"), you may also file a complaint directly with the exchange. I would also suggest you speak with an independent insurance agent that represents the company to see if they can be of any assistance in resolving your concerns, or helping you change plans.

How  Do  You  Cancel  A  Universal  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Universal Life Insurance, like any "permanent" insurance policy, needs to be cancelled through the carrier that it is written with. If you have an agent, you can contact him/her and ask for the SURRENDER forms. By requesting and submitting a completed form, the issuing company will refund your Cash Surrender Value at the time of the request and send them to you via check or EFT. Before cancelling ANY permanent policy, carefully consider your insurability, cash flow, and benefit need, as you may not be able to replace a terminated policy.

Will  Medicare  Pay  For  A  Knee  Replacement?
Medicare does cover joint replacement if the need to replace the joint is considered medically necessary. Joint replacement includes shoulder, hip, knee and other body joints. Make sure you use a medical provider that accepts assignment. Some replacement joint devices are considered a "premium" device. You may be responsible for paying the difference in a basic device and an upgrade. Your provider can advise.

When  Did  Medicare  Part  D  Become  Effective?
January 1,2006 was the effective date for Medicare Part D. Coverage can be obtained by enrolling in a PDP (Prescription Drug Plan) or a Medicare Advantage Plan (MAPD) that covers medical/hospital/prescription drugs in one plan. I recommend contacting an independent agent who specializes in Medicare plans to help determine the best plan for your specific needs...

What  Happens  When  You  Apply  For  Health  Insurance?
To add to what Barry said, the typical timeline is anywhere between 2-6 weeks before everything falls into place. The time is influenced by the current volume of applicants and if everything is complete on the application, and if the payment goes through etc. The typical steps are: 1. Application submission. 2. Review for eligibility. 3. Notice of approval and request for payment. 4. Payment clears. 5. Enrollment in to coverage. 6. Issuance of ID card and coverage contract.

Is  VA  Life  Insurance  Taxable?
VA Life Insurance is not taxable, as long as the beneficiary of the policy is not the "estate". When life insurance proceeds are left to the estate, they are taxable, whether issued by the Veterans Administration or from a private source. But life insurance proceeds left to a person or group do not generally incur income tax. VA Life Insurance is also subject to estate tax if the amount of the death benefit, added to the value of the estate, exceeds the exempted amount. Only the excess is taxed with estate taxes, and the federal exemption is 5.25 million this year. Some states have state estate (inheritance) taxes and some don't.

When  Can  You  Buy  A  Medigap  Policy?
You are allowed to purchase a Medigap policy at any time. Most will purchase a Medigap plan when they initially turn 65 and are enrolled in Medicare Part A and Part B. Some will purchase a Medigap plan following a qualifying event, such as loss of employer group coverage or involuntary loss of an Advantage plan.

Can  I  Get  Help  With  Car  Insurance?
As a trusted experienced agent, we help consumers with their car insurance, by offering unbiased advice and free quotes from the top-rated insurance companies. Each situation is different and the best options for you may be completely different than what's best for other persons. Coverage, underwriting guidelines and policy provisions should always be discussed.

Will  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Vandalism?
Vandalism is a common covered peril listed in most property policies including Renters'. It is always a good idea to discuss your policies terms and conditions with your Insurance Professional in order to better understand your particular coverage benefits and options. That is also a great opportunity to ask about any additional discount benefits available.

What  Is  Custom  Whole  Life  Insurance?
Custom whole life insurance is a company specific product that allows you to select how many years you will pay on your whole life policy before it will be paid up. If the premium paying period is shortened the premium deposits will be increased, however, the cash value will increase more swiftly, lowering the cost for insurance and ultimately the cost for owning the policy. A single premium whole life insurance policy is, from that perspective, the least expensive policy that you can purchase.

What  Type  Of  Home  Care  Does  Medicare  Cover?
Medicare is very limited on what it will pay for home care or any other type of long term care. Medicare will only pay for skilled care after a hospitalization of three days not counting day of admission. It will pay for an Occupational or Speech Therapist, a nurse, and other very limited services in the home on a very temporary basis. Do not rely on Medicare for your Long Term Care needs.

Who  Can  I  Buy  Life  Insurance  On?
To purchase a life insurance policy on someone, you must have what is deemed to be an insurable interest. This means that you would incur a financial loss or harm if the insured was to pass away prior to you. This could include purchasing coverage on your spouse, children (though normally at a reduced amount of coverage, though it does come at a very low cost), your parents, and, in some circumstances, a key person in a company which you may own or operate.

Can  You  Switch  From  Medicare  Advantage  To  Medigap?
Yes. Generally, if you're on Medicare Advantage, you can only apply for a Medigap plan during the annual enrollment period (October 15-December 7) because this is the time when you're able to leave your Medicare Advantage plan. You would be subject to the medical underwriting process (answering the health questions on a Medigap plan application). To buy a Medigap plan without medical underwriting, you would need to qualify for a guaranteed-issue right. In the case of when you have Medicare Advantage, you would have to meet one of the following conditions: 1) You have a Medicare Advantage plan and your plan is leaving Medicare, stops servicing your area, or you move out of the plan's service area. Please note, you have to go back to original Medicare (Part A & B) coverage to qualify for this guaranteed-issue right. 2) You joined a Medicare Advantage plan when you were first eligible for Medicare Part A at age 65 and within the first year of joining, you decide you want to switch to original Medicare (known as a "trial right"). 3) You dropped a Medigap policy to join a Medicare Advantage plan for the first time, have been in the plan less than a year, and you want to switch back (this is another type of "trial right"). 4) You leave a Medicare Advantage plan because the company hasn't followed the rules, or it misled you. These 4 items are from Medicare's website and can be found in your Medicare & You guidebook - copies are available on the Medicare.gov website (I can also e-mail you one if needed). I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your Medigap coverage including quotes and plan comparisons, and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

How  Do  I  File  A  Claim  With  Medicare?
Medicare claims are handled electronically by medical providers. I have never seen a paper claim form for Medicare and doubt if it exists. All providers that treat Medicare beneficiaries are requried to file claims with Medicare. It does not matter if your provider accepts assignment or not. They must still file the claim on a timely basis.

Why  Buy  Critical  Illness  Insurance?
You should consider critical illness insurance if your family medical history is predisposed to chronic health problems or diseases that run in your family throughout recent generations. As you grow older, you may have had behaviors that can lead to critical illness like tobacco additions that leave you vulnerable to respiratory problems or obesity that lends itself to a variety of health problems.

Does  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Cracks  In  Foundation?
'Maybe' is the most accurate answer. It is not meant to avoid answering the question but it must be remembered that the standard homeowner policy does not automatically cover damages to the structure. It is not a maintenance policy. To determine if the policy will cover such damages, the actual cause of the crack or cracks needs to be determined first.

Does  Auto  Insurance  Go  Down  When  You  Get  Married?
It can go down yes, in part because of your marriage but also in part because you have added your new spouse and their car to your policy. In addition to different rating factors that a company may have filed to use you could also be taking advantage of a multi car discount.

Why  Buy  Annuities?
Product suitability should be a required process of prudence for all potential financial product purchases, including tax deferred and immediate annuities. If your effective tax bracket is high, tax deferred annuities over time can have accumulating advantages, i.e. mid to long term, high tax bracket savers and investors should consider tax deferred annuities. Tax deferred annuities have three basic crediting methods: interest rate crediting, indice crediting and separate sub accounts using equity and bond investments. A risk tolerance assessment needs to be performed to determine your financial profile and product suitability. Keep in mind that tax deferred variable annuities can lose money.

What  Is  A  Tax  Qualified  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Tax-qualified long-term care insurance (TQ) pays out a benefit to qualifying insureds that is not taxable as ordinary income. Virtually all long-term care insurance policies sold today are TQ. But, some carriers still sell policies that are non-tax qualified (NTQ) because such a policy does not come under the same regulation as a TQ policy. The argument by some is that with an NTQ policy it is easier for the insured to qualify for the payment of long-term care costs. The language of the NTQ policy may also be more generous with regard to benefits, features, and riders. Whether those factors would be worth the possible taxation of the benefits is debatable.

What  Is  Basis  In  Retirement  Plan?
Since a tax qualified plan defers taxation until money is withdrawn there is no cost basis. Or to put it another way the basis is $0. All funds coming out will be taxed as ordinary income when received. If funds are rolled over to an IRA those funds when received will be taxed as ordinary income.

Will  Medicare  Help  Pay  For  A  Walk  In  Tub?
Unfortunately, no, Medicare will not help pay for a walk-in tub. They are not considered to be a durable medical equipment (a DME) item. They're generally viewed as a convenience item for an individual since they're available to the general public and anyone who wants one can buy them.

How  Much  Does  Medicare  Pay  For  Physical  Therapy?
Medicare Part B pays 80% for physical therapy. You can get a Medicare Supplement or Medicare Advantage Plan which will pick up some, or all, of the remaining 20%. It's probably a good idea to have this type of coverage, because the 20% you may owe... on physical therapy as well as other treatments... can become quite expensive.

Is  Medicare  The  Same  As  Health  Insurance?
Yes, Medicare is health insurance. It has some differences from privately purchased health insurance, or health insurance provided through an employer. The contractual coverages all depend on the plan, and the same is true with Medicare coverage. There are copays and deductibles, just like with health insurance. The biggest difference is the cost.

How  Does  Group  Universal  Life  Insurance  Work?
Group Universal Life is offered to employees by businesses. Some employers pay for the coverage; in other businesses, the insurance is voluntary and paid for solely by employees. Group Universal Life Insurance policies (GULP) are permanent and can accumulate cash value. As such, they are usually portable, so that employees can take their coverage with them when they leave their jobs.

How  Much  Is  Term  Life  Insurance  For  30  Years?
To find the cost of term life insurance for 30 years, you can go to a website that offers quotes online. If "instant" quotes are offered, you can change the amount and term length and compare the cost of different policies. The cost of 30 year term life insurance is higher than the cost for shorter terms, but it is locked in for 30 years at the health rating you are now. So that can save you lots of money in the long run.

How  Do  You  Plan  Your  Retirement?
Retirement planning is paying yourself first. Whether you use a qualified plan or non-qualified plan you need to determine your tax bracket. And if you're investing in the market, you need to determine your risk tolerance. Plans have differing contribution limits, so you need to establish the amount of contributions, when will you retire and your life expectancy.

Which  States  Have  The  Lowest  Auto  Insurance?
On average the lowest premiums are found in New Hampshire, Ohio, North Carolina, Iowa and Maine. The average annual premium is right around $1000. Of course rates are going to vary depending on the characteristics of the individual driver and the vehicle which is being insured. The most expensive state is Louisiana with average rates around $2600.

What  Is  Unscheduled  Personal  Property  Home  Insurance?
A homeowners policy provides a stated amount of coverage for personal property. This is "unscheduled personal property." There is an option to purchase a floater where specific items will be insured to full value, and the deductible is not charged. This is called scheduled property. Not all property can be scheduled. It must be replaceable and the value set by a competent appraiser. This type of coverage is used most frequently for jewelry because the homeowners policy has a limit for coverage for jewelry.

Does  A  Spouse  Have  To  Be  The  Beneficiary  Of  Life  Insurance?
No - You can name ME as your beneficiary.... hehehe In order to buy life insurance on someone, you have to have an "insurable interest"... I can't buy life insurance on just anyone. There has to be a connection that would harm you financially should the person pass away. Examples are your spouse, kids, other family if you have a financial interest in something together, a business partner, someone you loaned $$ to, etc. I bring up insurable interest because in these cases, you, or someone else facing a financial loss due to the persons death, has to be the beneficiary. Now... if you buy life insurance on yourself, you can pretty much name any person or legal entity as the beneficiary. Leave the funds to a spouse, kids, your favorite non-profit, or to me... Ok. Not me. So the answer of "who can be the beneficiary" all depends on who the insured is, the owner of the policy, and what the connection between everyone involved. have more questions -- Reach out! -gravy

How  Much  Does  Health  Insurance  For  A  Child  Cost?
Health insurance for a child is typically very affordable. Depending on where you live, the premium can range between $25 per month (short-term coverage) to about $150 per month. In most states, it costs less than $100. Generally, applications are approved quickly and after 2014, no medical questions will be asked. Comprehensive plans will cover office visits and prescriptions and would tend to be the most popular type of coverage. Preventive benefits are provided at 100% on most plans. As an experienced broker, I shop for all of the best options from top-rated insurers to make certain you receive the combination of best rate and coverage. Premiums are usually paid monthly and a federal tax subsidy could reduce premiums.

Does  Health  Insurance  Work  In  Other  Countries?
Most countries allow their citizens to purchase individual health insurance and many employers provide health insurance as well. In some European countries health insurance premiums are financed through a VAT (value added tax) that is factored in to the price of each product you purchase. VAT's increase the cost of goods tremendously.

Can  You  Buy  Medicare  Part  A?
For most individuals, Medicare Part A will be premium-free. This happens if you're turning 65 and you've hit your 40 credits (earned through working life/paying FICA taxes). If you don't hit this, the premium will be up to $426 per month. You can also qualify for Medicare Part A under other means (e.g. you're under 65 and receiving social security disability benefits for 24 continuous months or you have end-stage renal disease). Medicare Part A, in short, is your hospital insurance - Part B is your physician insurance. Part A provides benefits for your inpatient hospital stay, skilled nursing facility care, nursing home care, hospice care, and certain home health services. The benefit that is the most common claim is for hospital stays. During a hospital stay, your Part A will cover certain hospital services and supplies including semi-private rooms, meals, general nursing, and medications given during your stay. Acceptable hospital stays can include critical access hospitals, inpatient rehab facilities, LTC hospitals, acute care hospitals, and mental health care - you may want to confirm with Medicare whether a certain inpatient stay would be covered by a facility that is not a traditional hospital. You're generally responsible for about 20% of the healthcare expenses that are incurred during these visits - Medicare only covers approximately 80% of the costs. You may want to consider buying a Medicare supplement plan (a.k.a. Medigap plan) to cover the other 20%.

Does  Term  Life  Insurance  Have  A  Surrender  Value?
That is a great question! Term life insurance policies are cheap because they have no extra's and a definite point on the calendar where they end. Whole life policies have more moving parts, and an indefinite end point, so are more expensive. One of those moving parts is the cash value aspect. Since term policies do not have this aspect, they have no surrenderable value. The premium that you pay for your term policy pays only for the cost of your insurance. I hope that helps, thanks for asking!

What  Is  National  Income  Life  Insurance?
National Income Life has over three billion of life insurance in force. The company is registered in New York and rated A+ (Superior) with A. M. Best for overall financial strength. National Income Life Insurance Company is owned by American Income Life, created about fifty years ago by Bernard Rapoport.

What  Does  Cash  Value  Mean  On  A  Life  Insurance  Policy?
The cash value of a life insurance policy is a pool of money that you can borrow from to use for your own purposes, while you are still alive. If you pay back your policy loan with interest, you will still be able to keep the death benefit intact, as well. If you were to surrender (drop) your policy, you would receive the cash value minus any fees.

When  Does  A  Widow  Qualify  For  Medicare?
A widow will qualify for Medicare when they turn age 65. This assumes the widow or the spouse worked and is a US citizen or permanent resident of the United States. The person would get Medicare Part A & B plus they should consider a Medicare Supplement Plan (Medigap Plan). Medicare Part A is typically free and covers hospital care. Medicare Part B has a premium of around $105 per month for most people which covers doctors and tests. Medicare Supplement Plans can vary based on which plan and what state a person lives in. For more information or to run a Medicare Supplement quote visit our website.

What  Does  Ownership  Of  A  Life  Insurance  Policy  Mean?
In addition to Peggy Maces comments, ownership is like title. There are legal issues involved and sometimes it is important to correctly title a life insurance policy. At a minimum the values of the insurance policy are the property of the owner neither the insured nor the beneficiary.

How  Much  Does  It  Cost  To  Get  Car  Insurance  For  The  First  Time?
There are many factors that contribute to car insurance rates. Experience is one of them but it isn't weighted as heavy as other factors such as credit, driving history, and claims history. Another factor that will weigh heavy on rating would depend on if you are getting insurance for the first time because you just purchased a car or getting it for the first time while owning a vehicle for an extended period of time. As long as you can show proof (i.e Bill of Sale) that you made the car purchase without a trade in, most companies will not apply a tremendous surcharge. I recommend that you shop around because every company is different in their standards. I would stick with face-to-face quotes so you can ask all the questions that you have on your first insurance purchase. insurance is one of the few things that a human will outsmart a computer at anytime.

How  Much  Money  Can  You  Make  Selling  Life  Insurance?
That depends on how hard you work, who you work for, the type of training you receive and your ability to communicate with prospects. And that's just the tip of the iceberg! Ultimately, you could make $1 million per year or starve. There are many variables and the results will be different for each person. However, the most successful agents, brokers do well by concentrating on the needs of their clients and helping them with personal financial recommendations. The agent/broker that concentrates on how much money they make is doomed for failure.

What  Medical  Tests  Are  Required  For  Life  Insurance?
If applying for a medically underwritten life insurance policy, a paramed exam is generally given. For most applicants, this involves a blood test and urine test. If applying for a large face amount or if the applicant is past middle age, the underwriting requirements may also include a resting EKG, a treadmill EKG, or possibly exam by medical doctor. If applying for No Exam life insurance, none of these tests are required.

Where  Can  I  Buy  Mobile  Home  Insurance?
Most companies that offer homeowners insurance also offer homeowners coverage for mobile homes. If you are working with a local agent they will normally have more than one company available to them to be able to place a risk. Contact your local agent today and they will help direct you the company and policy that will best work for you.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Urinalysis?
A urinalysis is a test of the urine. This test is covered under Medicare part B. You will need to have a provider that takes Medicare as a deemed provider. Medicare Part B has a deductible and coinsurance. If you have a Medicare Advantage plan you will have a copay as well.

How  Does  An  Annual  Deductible  Work  For  Health  Insurance?
A deductible is the amount of money that you would pay before your health insurance kicks in. For example, if you have a $3,000 deductible and need to go to the hospital then you would pay the first $3,000. Your insurance would kick in after that. For folks age 65 and over that are on Medicare along with a Medicare Supplement it will work a little differently. The deductible on most of the plans would be smaller and for doctors and tests not the hospital. I would be happy to answer any other questions you have.

Who  Sells  Individual  Short  Term  Disability  Insurance?
A licensed broker or agent, who holds a health license can sell Individual Short Term Disability Insurance. When you look at purchasing Disability Insurance be sure you understand how the company defines "own" occupation. There is a difference which can make the difference on your ability to work or not. Be sure to understand the provisions on partial disability as well.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  Artificial  Insemination?
The Affordable Care Act does not specifically address, nor does it require, artificial insemination. Therefore, you'll have to check policy-by-policy to see if a carrier will cover artificial insemination in your state. Best bet is to work with an agent as he/she may know the answer offhand, or will certainly be able to get an answer quickly and come back to you with available choices.

What  exactly  is  flexible  premium  survivorship  adjustable  life  insurance?
This is more commonly known as a survivorship universal life (SUL) insurance policy - it's different from an individual universal life insurance policy in that the policy insures the lives of two people (usually a husband and wife). The policy proceeds are only paid out upon the death of the second insured. Many people use this type of policy for estate planning purposes. If your mother cannot continue to make premium payments or does not want to, she can surrender the policy and take out the cash value (less any surrender charges, outstanding loans, or interest, if applicable). There is also the option to let it run out on it's own. When you no longer contribute premiums to the policy, it will steadily use up the cash value in the policy to continue the coverage until there is nothing left, at which the point the policy would "crash" on it's own and no longer provide coverage. The third option is to change the structure of the policy. You may have the option to reduce the face amount of the policy (the death benefit) or reduce the length of coverage to lower the premiums to make the policy more affordable if cost is a concern. I would suggest your mother contact the agent on the policy and ask them to run midstreams to find out what the current values are on the policy, how long the coverage will go for on the guaranteed side and current assumption side of the program and what changes would it make to the policy given the above options. This will provide a good indication as to what course of action would be most appropriate. Guaranteed side means how long will the coverage be guaranteed for at the absolute minimum with a given program structure. Current assumption side means how long will the coverage go for given today's values.

How  Do  I  Get  Medicare  Part  A  And  B?
To get Medicare Part A and B, most people have paid into Medicare through taxes for at least 40 quarters (10 years) over the course of their working lives. They are either automatically enrolled on their 65th birthday, if they are receiving Social Security at that time. Or they enroll themselves in the 3 months before or after their 65th birthday. Others get Medicare Part A and B for being disabled for 2 years or having end stage renal disease or ALS.

Can  I  Borrow  Money  From  My  Whole  Life  Insurance  Policy?
Assuming you have accumulated cash values, the answer is yes. But there are strategies to access cash values. Dividends, which are classified as a return of unused premium, can be taken out free up to basis. Policy loans of gain is the another cash value option to consider. Most participating whole life insurance companies charge some form of interest spread on their policy loans. A few use the more expensive direct recognition policy loans. Before accessing your cash values, order an in force ledger to determine the status of your policy and an illustrated in force ledger displaying your dividend withdrawal or policy loan.

How  Much  Is  Renters  Liability  Insurance?
If you are referring to a commercial risk, such as a store or garage, then your commercial agent is the person to ask. If you are referring to a rental unit in which you live, then the answer is that liability insurance is a part of a tenants (renters) policy. The policy also contains property coverage for your personal property and that coverage is the main determinant of the premium. In my area these policies are available for $10-15 per month. Of course each policy is individually written and the price can vary a great deal.

What  Does  Medicare  Cover  For  Assisted  Living?
Medicare does not cover Assisted Living at all. Medicare is very limited on its long term care benefits. You can only get assistance if you are hospitalized for three days, not counting day of discharge, and require skilled care. You can only stay in a nursing home for a maximum of 100 days. the first 20 days are covered in full as long as you meet the requirements, day 21 through 100 you will have a copay. You may also quaify from limited rehab services in your home. If you need assisted living you may qualify for certain veterens benefits if you or your spouse served in the military during a period of war. Your only other option is Medicaid. If you have assets see a good elder law attorney or Medicaid planner. It could save you a large portion of your assets and allow you to get help faster.

How  Much  Does  IVF  Cost  With  Private  Health  Insurance?
IVF (in vitro fertilization) is not a covered medical expense with most health insurance plans. Some employer group plans may include IVF benefits and there are a few states that mandate IVF coverage for individual major medical plans. IVF is not a medical necessity which is why it is normally excluded from plan benefits. The few times I have seen IVF benefits they are usually capped around $10,000 (lifetime) which means any excess charges are the responsibility of the individual.

When  Do  You  Pay  Auto  Insurance?
In California, in order to issue a policy a payment must be made. You will be given payment options going forward for you to chose from. Anywhere from pay in full to monthly payments. You can also set up for automatic deductions from a credit card or checking account.

What  Happens  To  Homeowners  Insurance  When  Someone  Dies?
The homeowners policy covers the property. In that regard the policy would continue to protect the home. It would be wise to contact the insurance agent and have the insured changed to reflect the new ownership. Mortgage companies require continuous coverage so it is important to keep coverage in place.

Is  Disability  Insurance  Earned  Income?
Disability can be purchased in basically two ways: non deductible and deductible premiums. The conventional disability insurance policy is purchase with after tax dollars, so the benefits generated at the time of the claim are tax free. Tax deductible disability premiums need to qualify under the terms of the IRS, but if they qualify for tax deductible status, then they're benefits at claim are taxed as ordinary income.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Dental  Implants?
No. Routine dental services and procedures are not covered by Medicare. Medicare only pays for dental services that are conducted in a hospital - this is covered under Part A (hospital insurance). You should purchase an individual dental insurance policy to secure benefits that cover dental care services / procedures.

What  Is  American  Life  Insurance?
Since 2011, American Life Insurance Company, also known as ALICO, has been a part of MetLife, the largest life insurance company in the US. It was acquired from AIG. It is a big, US based global life insurance company with a focus in Asia. Since then, some non strategic parts of the company in theCaribbeanwere sold to Pan-American Life.

Can  You  Park  A  Car  On  The  Road  Without  Insurance?
You could, whether or not you will receive a citation for not having insurance on the vehicle is another question. You would have to find out what your community's ordinances are pertaining to auto insurance and your states regulations for auto insurance. You are more likely to receive a citation for not have insurance when you are driving the vehicle.

What  Does  Life  Insurance  Cover?
Life insurance covers death by any reason (except suicide in the first two years). That is whether death occurs by accident, illness, or "old age". There may be some exclusions as death due to an act of war, or death that occurs during the act of committing a felony. Life Insurance covers a person (called the Insured), and when the Insured dies, it pays the face amount of the life insurance to the Beneficiary.

How  Does  Medigap  Work?
Medigap plans (commonly referred to as Medicare supplement plans) are designed to help seniors who want high quality healthcare and are on Medicare, cover the gap between what hospitals and doctors charge for their services and what Medicare will pay. Health insurance is constantly changing, which can make finding the right plan for you very strenuous. Supplementing your Original Medicare coverage (Medicare Parts A & B) with a Medicare Supplement plan will help you create a very predictable expense structure for your healthcare and allow you to see any doctor you want that accepts Medicare. Any doctor that accepts Medicare will also accept your Medicare Supplement plan. There are 10 different Medicare supplement plans and they are all standardized, meaning a plan F from company A and a plan F from company B feature the EXACT same benefits. The 10 different plans available are plans A, B, C, D, F, G, K, L, M, and N (a high-deductible plan F is also available that features a $2,140 deductible in 2014 - the trade-off being a substantially reduced premium). Each plan offers certain benefits some more comprehensive than others. Each plan must cover a core set of benefits (also known as the basic benefits). The basic benefits are: 1) Medicare Part A coinsurance plus coverage for 365 additional days after Medicare benefits are used up. 2) Medicare Part B coinsurance or copayment 3) First 3 pints of blood 4) Part A hospice care coinsurance or copayment There's a total of 9 benefits that can be secured. The other 5 benefits available under a Medigap plan are: 1) Skilled Nursing Facility Care coinsurance 2) Medicare Part A deductible 3) Medicare Part B deductible 4) Medicare Part B excess charges 5) Foreign travel emergency (up to plan limits) Each plan features a different structure, Each plan covers a different combination of these 9 benefits (some of the plans feature coinsurance or copayments for certain benefits). If cost is not a major factor for you, Plan F will be the recommended choice because it covers all 9 benefits at 100% - it's the most popular plan by far. If you're looking to keep your costs down, but still have very comprehensive coverage, you may want to look at plans C, G, and N as well. When you're looking to buy a Medigap plan, you should consult with an independent Medigap insurance agent to review the plans in detail to see which one will best serve your needs, help you identify all of the carriers offering Medigap plans in your zip code, and which one will be able to offer the coverage to you at the lowest cost (the plans are standardized so the biggest difference between them is price - the benefits are exactly the same regardless of the carrier you have the Medigap plan through). I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me for assistance with your Medigap coverage needs, including quotes and plan comparisons, and if you have any other questions. Thanks very much.

How  Does  Medicare  Assignment  Work?
Medicare assignment in many ways works just like traditional health insurance assignment.When you visit a doctor or use medical services you are assigning your reimbursement rights to the provider. Medicare providers that accept assignment are paid by Medicare. When a provider does not allow assignment Medicare pays direct to you for services rendered.

Can  Someone  Have  Two  Health  Insurance  Policies?
Technically, yes, you could. Though it would serve little practical purpose and be a really expensive proposition in this day and age. When you enroll in a health insurance plan there will always be a question asking if you will have other coverage in effect along with the policy you are applying for. This is so the two insurance carriers can coordinate their benefits among each other. In no case will your coverage with the combined insurance policies exceed 100% of your covered expenses and it is illegal to make a profit off of having health insurance coverage. So, you would pay two full premiums for two separate major medical policies but, at best the secondary policy would only pay what wasn't paid for by the primary policy. While I haven't seen or heard of it being tried, I would expect that a person enrolling for coverage through HealthCare.gov, especially a person who qualifies for a premium tax subsidy, would not be allowed to enroll in more than one plan by the way the computerized enrollment system is set up.

Who  Needs  To  Buy  Long  Term  Care  Insurance?
Those who need to buy long term care insurance are those who have assets that they wish to leave their heirs, such as farms, substantial investments, or commercial real estate. However, those with great wealth may wish to fund their own long term care. Some people buy long term care to keep their families from having to worry about them, or to ensure that they will have a say in the type of care they get.

Will  Homeowners  Insurance  Cover  Shingles  Blown  Off  Roof?
A roof has a shorter life span than the rest of the house. As a result many insurance companies do not provide replacement coverage for a roof. Instead they determine the life of the roof and repair the roof under the policy using the cash value of the roof. If a $15000 roof has $5000 of damage and is midway through its life, you could expect a settlement that would help repair your roof but would not replace the roof.

How  To  Avoid  Paying  Taxes  On  Annuities?
Deferred or single premium immediate annuity policies only delay taxes, they dont avoid taxes. Even artful tactics in ownership with trusts or split annuitant strategies ultimately pay taxes. You could give an annuity to a charity outright and you wouldn't pay taxes, but youd have no asset either. Annuities only stall the inevitable tax event. But they are advantages to deferring taxation and that is where the planning begins.

Does  Health  Insurance  Cover  CBT?
I am assuming when you say CBT you are referring to Cognitive Behavioral Therapy which most of the companies provide reimbrusement for which means you will have to pay the bill and then submit the bill to the insurance company unless the therapist agrees to bill the insurance for you. Have you found this coverage in your policy? Have you called the "customer serivice" number and ask them?

Does  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Theft  On  Vacation?
Most renters policies provide for a percentage of your personal property to be covered away from your residence. In most cases a limit of 10% of the personal property limit applies. If you suffer a loss to your property while away from the residence that limit will apply and a claim will be adjusted subject to the deductible. The property that you left behind will be covered whether you are home or not.

I'm  Pregnant  Can  I  Get  Health  Insurance?
Yes. Under the new Affordable Care Act, you can not be declined for health insurance for any medical-related conditions. Each policy is required to cover 10 essential health benefits - one of these essential benefits is maternity care. If you need assistance in determining which health plan is right for you, send me a private message on here or check out my website (a link is available on my profile page)

Will  Renters  Insurance  Cover  A  Trampoline?
Having a trampoline is a liability issue. Most property polices will exclude the use of a trampoline so if you are wanting to own a trampoline I highly suggest you search out an independent agent who can locate you an insurance carrier that would consider the use of a trampoline.

How  Does  Long  Term  Care  Insurance  Work?
Most Long Term Care Insurance policies pay the insured person a set amount of money, as dictated by the policy they purchased, when the need for long term care arises. There are triggers that determine when payments will start. These include the inability to independently do to or more ADL's (activities of daily living such as bathing or dressing). Some policies pay the institution providing the care rather than the person receiving the care. Payments are made until the funds or years in the policy run out.

What  Are  The  Best  Ways  To  Save  For  Retirement?
What are the best ways to save for retirement? Well, when I see this question and I do see it a lot I sort of answer it this way. The best ways to save for retirement is to get into the habit of saving for retirement. There are many ways to save for retirement, there is no best way, there are ways that work best for you, but again the big thing is to do it.

Does  Auto  Insurance  Cover  Vandalism?
Typically yes, less your deductible if you have comprehensive (otherwise known as " other than collision ") coverage on your auto policy. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

What  To  Look  For  In  A  Renters  Insurance  Policy?
A renters policy is a package that usually contains personal property coverage and liability coverage. The most important thing to look for is the agent. Make sure the agent is someone that you trust. Make sure the agent provides all the information that you provide to the insurance company and that the policy is exactly what you ordered. Another important thing is limits. If the limits arent high enough to cover the potential loss, you might be very dissatisfied at the time of a claim. Dont skimp. Make sure you get enough coverage, particularly for liability.

How  Much  Should  I  Invest  In  Annuities?
It depends on your circumstances. Never invest all of your funds in one vehicle. You need to keep some funds in liquid sources and then diversify the rest according to your individual circumstances, goals and comfort level. Whatever vehicle you choose to do this, invest as much as possible but make sure you understand the limitations and accessibility factors involved. A good independent agent or financial adviser can help you

How  Much  Does  Allstate  Auto  Insurance  Cost?
The price of any brand of auto insurance depends upon several things. Your age is a big factor as well as your gender. Your previous driving record is going to play a big factor in the rates you get. If you have a lot of tickets or accidents you are a higher risk and will pay more. The key to saving on auto insurance is to shop the rate that YOU can qualify for with a dozen different companies or so.

How  To  Set  Up  A  401K?
A 401(k) plan is a tax favored retirement program established by an employer for the benefit of the employees. Individuals can establish Individual Retirement Accounts (IRA) to accomplish the same for their retirement in a tax favored manner. The investments for their 401(k) or an IRA may be available outside the plan, some, annuities, retain some of their tax advantages and can assist a person in augmenting their plan to retire.

Does  Medicare  Cover  Co-Pays?
Original Medicare Part A & Medicare Part B does not cover co-pays, deductibles or coinsurance. In fact, it covers only about 80% of your healthcare costs. The remaining 20% is your responsibility and is limitless unless you have a Medicare Supplement Plan (Medigap Plan). Depending on which Medicare Supplement Plan you have it can pay all or most of those costs. For more information about Medicare or to Compare Medicare Supplement Plans instantly online visit our website at SummitMedigap.com.

Does  My  Husband  Have  To  Be  On  My  Auto  Insurance  If  He  Doesn't  Drive  The  Car?
Here in CT, a licensed driver needs to be either rated or excluded on an auto policy. The tough part is that although this can work in many situations, a spousal situation is not one of them. It may be possible if each of you have a car registered in your own name and insured on separate policies, this you really neeed to check with your Insurance Professional

What  Is  The  Best  Life  Insurance  In  The  USA?
what is the best life insurance in the USA? The one that is in force when needed. That's the best policy because it is in force and will pay your claim. What could be better than that? There is no single "best" because there is no single need. Best can be many things because there are many people and many needs.

Where  Is  My  Health  Insurance  Accepted?
This is such a broad question. There is no way to answer without knowing additional details of your policy. Do you have an HMO, PPO, or another type of policy. HMO's typically restrict you to providers at their facilities with exceptions being made for unusual situations. PPO's will typically have a network of preferred providers covered under on copay and out of network providersunder a different copay and reimbursement level. You shouldhave been issued an insurance card with a number for you to contact with questions aboutyour plan.

If  I  Die  Who  Would  Get  My  Life  Insurance?
When you purchase your life insurance policy, you have an opportunity to name a Primary Beneficiary. This is the person who, should you die while th policy is in force, will receive the proceeds of that policy. You also have an opportunity to name a Contingent Beneficiary, to whom the proceeds would be distributed if for some reason, your Primary Beneficiary has also died or cannot for some reason receive the money.

What  Does  A  Retirement  Plan  Record  Keeper  Do?
A Retirement Plan Record Keeper records the monthly allocations made to the individual accounts and enables the current values in the accounts and most importantly the IRS requires specific forms have to filed at the end of the year and the Retirement Plan Record Keeper files thoe required forms to assure that the IRS does not disqualify the Retirement Plan

Can  I  Get  Life  Insurance  If  I  Have  Ulcerative  Colitis?
Yes, you can get life insurance while having ulcerative colitis. If you want over $25,000 of coverage, the insurance company will most likely order medical records. They will check to see if your condition is stable and mild to moderate, which should qualify you for a policy. Recent flare ups, surgeries, certain prescriptions, or complications such as liver disease could cause you to be postponed or declined for a traditional policy. However, there are simplified or guaranteed issue policies that most people with ulcerative colitis can get. Contact an agency that specializes in life insurance for persons with IBD and Crohn's disease to find the best life insurance options for persons with ulcerative colitis.

What  Does  AAA  Auto  Insurance  Cover?
It is the same as every other Auto Insurance company. There is no real advantage one way or the other. You do get the discounts of Auto club membership but I think if you shop around you will find just as good rates or better with any company. But it certainly doesn't hurt to check them out to see what the rates are. If they save you money then go for it!

Can  Someone  With  High  Blood  Pressure  Get  Life  Insurance?
Insurance companies look at hypertension in several ways. Some will ask if blood pressure readings have been above a certain number for the last few years or more. Some will ask the average of readings for the past one or more years. The number and type of medications is considered, and of course, the cause for the hypertension. Secondary hypertension caused by disease elsewhere in the body, CHF, etc are underwritten as a higher risk. To get the lowest priced life insurance policy with high blood pressure, contact a good impaired risk agency that knows how to shop multiple carriers to get your best rate.

What  Are  Deferred  Annuities  Best  Suited  For?
What are deferred annuities best suited for? The challenge with this question is that the term deferred annuity has at least two "definitions". I will describe two scenarios and if your question is not answered, please do not hesitate to contact me. A deferred annuity can refer to exchanging a lump sum for a guaranteed income at a point in the future. In this situation, a deferred annuity would be suited for someone who wanted a guaranteed flow of income with no management responsibilities. A life annuity may or may not include a guaranteed payout. There are different options, so ask your insurance agent for details. In addition to the income amount, taxation during the the deferral period and of the income flow should be considered. In Canada, a deferred annuity can also refer to Guaranteed Investment Annuities (GIA) and Segregated Funds (variable annuities). Both of these are issued by insurance companies and offer the option of an annuity in the future. Since they are issued by insurance companies, they also offer guarantees not offered by other institutions for non-registered investments. These include potential creditor protection and estate planning opportunities, such as bypassing probate. Segregated funds are similar to mutual funds, but they offer maturity and death guarantees. In addition, some segregated funds include the "locking in" of gains. Depending on your individual situation, there could also be some tax advantages to these plans. These type of deferred annuities are best suited for individuals who are looking for, and would benefit from, the additional features and guarantees. This is an overview of a potentially complex subject. If you would like to work with a local Retirement Planner, you could start with a Google search. For example if you search for, retirement planner Halifax or retirement planning Halifax, my name along with several others will come up. It will be the same in your community. If you have further questions, or feel that I could be of assistance please do not hesitate to contact me.

Does  Obamacare  Offer  Medigap  Insurance?
No and luckily it is not needed. Medicare along with Medigap Insurance works great. Obamacare or the Affordable Care Act impacts folks under age 65 and not on Medicare. However, in the Affordable Care Act they did have cuts to Medicare but other than that it is not related. The cuts to Medicare are estimated to be $700 billion. Getting a Medigap Plan is fairly easy if you work with an independent agent that specializes in it. You pay a monthly premium and then you have little to no out of pocket costs for medical expenses. There is also no network with Medigap Plans which means you can go to any doctor or hospital you want. No need for a referral to see a specialist either. The biggest thing about Medigap Plans is the benefits are not allowed to change from year to year. The Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) plans are constantly changing.

Does  Medicare  Part  D  Cover  Diabetic  Supplies?
Medicare Part D does cover some diabetic supplies. Part D will cover supplies that are used for administration of insulin (syringes, needles, alcohol swabs, gauze and inhaled insulin devices). Medicare Part B covers diabetic supplies such as blood glucose monitors, test strips, lancet devices, and lancets.

What  Is  An  Inspection  Report  For  Life  Insurance?
An inspection report for life insurance is an extensive report that is done to verify confidential information about a life insurance applicant. Most inspection reports are done only on very large policies, and the majority are done by phone. With some multi-million dollar cases a face to face interview may be required. If the inspection report is for a business, it will ask about the nature of the business, make up of the business, location, where they do business, and if any air travel or travel to unsafe countries is involved. Personal information will include health problems, dangerous hobbies, tobacco use, drug/alcohol use, and anything else that affects life insurance risk. They will also ask income and net worth, liabilities, and justification for amount and purpose of life insurance. Inspection reports are ordered by the life insurance underwriter from private inspection bureaus and are kept confidential from everyone except the life insurance company that made the request.

Is  Government  Health  Insurance  Cheap?
What do you mean by government health insurance? If you are asking about a government health insurance plan such as Medicaid then I guess you could say it's cheap as that is a program for the poor for which they don't really pay anything. If you are asking about health insurance for Federal government employees they have many health insurance plan options at different price points to choose from. I don't think many government employees think their health insurance is cheap even though their coverage is largely paid for by the government. Certainly in comparison to most of their peers in private sector companies these days most government employees pay less for their health insurance coverage.

Does  Home  Insurance  Cover  Earthquakes?
Earth movement is an excluded peril in most homeowners policies. Some insurance companies will provide earthquake insurance as an option. The companies are required by state law in some states to provide a quote and access to earthquake insurance. The premium for earthquake insurance in a known fault area can equal the premium for the homeowners policy.

If  you  have  $500,000  in  jewelry  (through  inheritance)  and  art  and  you  live  in  a  $500,000  house,  can  you  insure  all  the  jewelry  and  art?
Yes, of course, but there are some things an insurer may require. You stated through inheritance. That is good because an insurer would be curious how someone with a 500,000 house can afford to purchase 500,000 in jewelry Many states, do not require companies to file rates on what the industry refers to as "Inland Marine " coverage.So, there is often a willingness to insure a schedule of jewelry at a specific price point the insurer deems adequate.Lastly, many insurers have multiple rates for jewelry if yours will to put the carrier on notice of an item being put in a bank vault and then taken out, then an insurer will use what are referred to as "Bank Vault rates " while the property is in the Bank's Vault and charge another rate if the item is out

How  Do  I  Join  Medicare  Part  D?
If you are eligible for Medicare and covered by Medicare Part A or Part B, you are also eligible to purchase a Medicare Part D prescription drug plan. Drug plans are offered and administered by private insurance carriers. The plans must be approved by CMS. Plans vary by zip code.

How  Much  Does  Full  Coverage  Auto  Insurance  Cover?
Insurance premiums vary greatly and are determined by many different factors. Among other things, the type of coverage you have, the benefit levels you are seeking, age, gender and zip code are other factors an underwriter will consider in arriving at an appropriate premium rate for the quoted coverage.

What  Insurance  Companies  Can  I  Get  For  Under  $200  Or  Less?
It is not the insurance company that will determine if you can get a policy under $200. It is your age, health, the type of policy you get, and the face amount of the policy. Visit one of the websites on this site that offers "instant quotes", and input some different face amounts and policy types to see if you can find one with a premium that low. Then call that website to confirm if you qualify for it. Sometimes we have even lower priced options that are too hard to plug into a quote engine. If you get the right agent, it will always be to your advantage to talk to them and let them shop for you.

Will  Renters  Insurance  Cover  Fire?
Under most circumstances yes, renters insurance will provide coverage for a fire. Remember every policy is different. Please read your policy completely to understand the coverage provided and any exclusions that there may be or contact your local agent to have them go over the policy with you.

Is  Military  Retirement  A  Qualified  Plan?
No, military retirement is not a qualified plan. It does not offer a vesting schedule for early retirees, it does not require membership in the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp, and the money received through their retirement plan is considered wages and not pension monies. Therefore, the retirement plan offered by the military is non-qualified.

How  Can  I  Make  Sure  That  I  Don't  Run  Out  Of  Money  In  Retirement?
There are two issues involved in determining the likelihood of running out of money. The first is the amount of money you have accumulated to help provide retirement income and the second is the rate at which you spend that money. The return on the accumulation is important however without sufficient capital and a reasonable rate of withdrawal your retirement nest egg can be exhausted at some point. Retirement could last a very long time. Some will be retired longer than the period of time that they work. With improving health and medical treatment for diseases that have shortened the lives of those before us, you could be looking at a retirement of more than thirty years. Retirement may start unexpectedly. Waiting to start accumulating money for retirement can be hazardous. Almost forty percent of retirees report that there retirement started because of circumstances beyond their control. Losing a job after age 50 could trigger retirement as could the disability of a spouse or parent. Moving capital from your current income stream is critical to develop a retirement fund. As crucial as returns can be, unless there is a movement of capital there isnt anything for those results to work with. If you are employed you should certainly understand your employers pension plan if one is offered. Under normal circumstances the company pension plan will provide the greatest opportunity to shift capital into a retirement fund. If you are the employer there are some opportunities for you to provide for your retirement. Many of these are complicated and require expert assistance. The bottom line is that you do have opportunities. Individuals can also establish Individual Retirement Accounts (IRA.) This also applies to spouses that are not gainfully employed. The contribution is limited but if started early enough can make a significant contribution to the movement of capital into your retirement fund. You might have heard of a Roth IRA and that too can become an important part of your retirement fund but it has different rules and you should consult with a tax consultant and a Retirement Income professional about that. The second half of the issue is the way that money is withdrawn from your retirement account. This whole subject is really complex and involves a lot of decisions but the basic thing is to understand the need for a budget. Without a budget you cannot set a withdrawal rate and you cannot know how long your retirement fund will last. Most Americans resist budgeting but it is something that can be started easily and can be started even today. While you might not be retired you can start to record your expenses. The longer you do this the better handle you will have on your spending. The more detail you use in your record keeping the more your budget projections will increase in accuracy. There are assets that most people do not consider as they come into retirement. The first is their ability to work. If there is something that you enjoy and are good at you should prepare to move into that activity when you retire and with some planning that can be an income producing activity. This can be anything from consulting to a hobby that you love and from which you are able to earn money. Some people write some take photographs; others sell hand made products at trade fairs. These types of activities can enhance your retirement fund by reducing the need for immediate income. There are, of course many other issues to consider such as housing, long term care and legacy goals but if you can get these two principles started you will be well on your way to providing a satisfactory and predictable retirement.

What  Is  The  Lowest  Cost  Auto  Insurance?
The lowest cost auto insurance will depend on where you live, the car you drive, your driving record and the coverage you want. Shopping for the lowest rate is handled best by an experienced broker. You can quickly compare the best prices online, apply for coverage quickly and utilize low down-payment options. You want great coverage at the lowest rates and it certainly is possible.

I'm  50  with  a  term  life  policy  that  expires  when  I'm  60.  Should  I  convert  to  whole  life,  and  if  so,  when?
If the only conversion option your policy offers is Whole Life, the rate is probably going to be quite a bit higher than if you take out a new, no lapse, Universal Life policy. However, when you convert Term Life, you are rated the same on your Whole Life that you were rated on your Term policy. So if your health has declined, you may be getting a good deal by converting. If it has not declined, I personally would check out a new policy to see how much you can save. As to when to convert, it depends on several factors. 1. HOW MUCH you want to convert. If you want to convert it all, it may be a good idea to do it now, while rates are lower. They will go up quite a bit over the next 10 years. 2. YOUR HEALTH. If you have very poor health, you may just want to pay those low Term rates another 10 years. If you have excellent health, it might be a good time to convert or look at what else you can get in a permanent policy. 3. WILL YOU NEED LIFE INSURANCE after age 60? By the time you are 60 you should have a good idea of whether you will need that much coverage. You have some time to get a feel for how your retirement is going to pan out before you make this big decision. You cannot reverse it and go back to Term, once you have converted your policy. Please feel free to contact me to help you ascertain what prices are out there for you, or help you figure out what direction to go. Best wishes.

What  Does  A  Basic  Renters  Insurance  Policy  Cover?
A good renters insurance policy will cover your personal belongings for fire, lightning, wind, vandalism and other named perils as well as theft and liability. It covers everything but the building and items owned by the building. It is the landlords responsibility to cover those. There are some basic fire policies that are more limited in nature so make sure you know what you are buying.

What  Is  Critical  Illness  In  Insurance?
Critical illness insurance is like life insurance but is a living benefit. Most policies will pay out on some type of health event like Stroke, Heart Attack, Cancer, and others. It usually pays a specified amount to the policy holder to take care of medical bills, lost income, additional care, or home modification.

What  Is  The  403B  Retirement  Plan?
A 403(b) retirement plan used to be called tax sheltered annuities, but with the addition of mutual funds, has kept its section of the code title. Self-employed ministers, public school and certain non-profit employees of 501(c)(3) are generally the plan participants of a 403(b) which has similar tax treatment of a 401(k).

What  Is  Guaranteed  Renewable  Disability  Insurance?
Guaranteed renewable disability insurance is a policy that is guaranteed to be renewed as long as premiums are paid. However, having a guaranteed renewable disability insurance policy does not guarantee that the premiums will not go up. In order to lock in the premiums for a disability policy, it must be both non-cancellable and non-renewable.

Which  Medigap  Policy  Is  Best?
In order to determine what plan is best for you, I would need to know more about you such as your age, gender, any tobacco usage, married or single (determines availability of a household discount on rates), medical history (if outside open enrollment period), and other factors to provide accurate figures and suggest a proper course of action that best serves your needs. For the overall populace, the most comprehensive (and most popular) Medigap plan is plan F as it covers all Medigap benefits at 100%. Plan G is the second most popular plan because it's identical to plan F except it doesn't cover the Medicare Part B deductible ($147 in 2014). So how do you decide between the two? It comes down to price. Since Medigap policies are standardized (meaning a plan F from company A is the exact same plan F from company B), the only difference between the coverages is the price you pay for them. With the only difference between plans F and G, if the annualized premiums total more than a difference of $147, then plan G offers you the better deal - if the total is less than $147, then plan F is the better deal. I hope the information is helpful - please feel free to contact me if you have any questions, including quote requests, plan comparisons. Thanks very much.

What  Is  A  Declaration  Page  For  Renters  Insurance?
A "Declarations Page" in any insurance policy is simply the page in the policy that states what the insurance company is insuring and what benefits will payable if the insured incurs a loss and also covers details like "what if the insured causes the loss due to negligence' and a life insurance policy in most cases will state in the case of "suicide" the policy will not pay

What  Do  They  Test  For  In  Urine  For  Life  Insurance?
They test the urine for a metabolite of nicotine called cotinine, in order to see if you are a tobacco user. They also test for cocaine and other illegal drugs. Creatinine or protein in the urine can be an indicator of kidney disease, or a side effect of uncontrolled diabetes, as can high glucose. The insurance company uses the urinalysis to confirm the information you put on the application, and to become aware if there are any hidden or unknown health conditions.

Which  Retirement  Annuity  Is  The  Best?
There are three types of crediting methods for tax deferred annuities:fixed interest rates, indices and separate subaccounts. Product suitability and selection is determined by your financial profile, risk tolerance and money goals. Once you determine these critical components as an annuity purchaser, you can select the best annuity suited for you.

Can  A  65  Year  Old  Get  Term  Life  Insurance?
Yes. A 65 year old still qualifies for 10 year term ,15 year term, 20 year term, and 25 year term lengths. There are multiple carriers that will write 10, 15, and 20 year options and I know one carrier that will go up to a 25 year term.

How  Can  I  Get  Auto  Insurance  With  A  Suspended  License?
Your license is suspended and you need to get auto insurance. The vast majority of car insurance companies do not offer coverage if you do not have a valid license. Working with an experienced broker (and our top-ranked websites) will help you find the most affordable options. Also, requesting a hardship exception from your state may allow you to drive in specific situations (with coverage of course!).

